 
1 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
 
 
ERGO Travel Protect  
 
 
Travel Insurance Policy Wording  
Annual Multi -Trip & Per Trip Insurance  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
ERGO Travel Protect  
ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd. (Company Registration No. 199305211H) (GST Registration No. M2 -
0116930 -5) 5 Temasek Boulevard, #04 -05 Suntec Tower Five, Singapore 038985  
Tel: (+65) 6829 9199 Fax: (+65) 6829 9248, www.ergo.com.sg  
Please read this Policy Wording carefully together with Your Policy Schedule and any endorsement to 
ensure that You understand the terms and conditions and that the Cover You require is being 
provided. Do keep these documents in a safe place as they are le gal documents. If You have any 
questions after reading these documents, please contact Your insurance adviser, agent or ERGO 
Insurance. If there are any changes that may affect the insurance provided, please notify Us instantly. 
We strongly recommend that You keep Your family members informed of this insurance cover as it 
would be helpful in the event of an emergency and/or claim.  
Whereas the Insured by a proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and be 
deemed to be incorporated her ein has applied to ERGO INSURANCE PTE. LTD. (hereinafter called 
“the Company”) for the insurance hereinafter contained and has paid the agreed premium specified in 
the Schedule as consideration of such insurance and whereas ERGO Travel Protect is the travel  
insurance. Now this Policy Witnesseth that subject to the terms, exceptions and conditions contained 
herein or endorsed or otherwise expressed hereon the Company agrees to pay to the Insured Person 
named herein (or to his legal personal representative) th e sum or sums provided under the various 
sections of this Policy subject to:  
a) The Insured Person being to the best of his knowledge and belief to be of sound bodily and mental 
health and free from physical defect or infirmity at the date of issue of this Policy;  
b) The Insured Person at the date of issue of this Policy having no  knowledge of any reason why the 
Trip should be cancelled or curtailed;  
c) The event giving rise to a claim occurring (or in the case of sickness becoming manifest) during the 
Period of Insurance.  
 
How your insurance operates -  
Your Policy is a contract  between You and Us, and comprises of:  
Your Proposal and/or any enrolment forms submitted to Us, any declarations made by You/ Insured 
Person(s), this Policy Wording, the Policy Schedule / Certificate of Insurance, any supplementary 
agreements or riders a nd any endorsements and shall be read together as one contract and any word 
or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part shall bear the same meaning 
wherever it appears. This Policy shall become effective on the date specified in  the Policy Schedule 
and end on the last day of the Period of Insurance. Having received and accepted all requisite 
premiums, We will provide the Cover shown in the relevant parts of the Policy Schedule, up to the 
sums insured or limits of indemnity stated  in the Policy Schedule and/or endorsements.  
Section 1 – Definitions  
1) Accident or Accidental  means a sudden, unexpected and specific event, external to the body, 
which occurs at an identifiable time and place.  
2) Act of War is an incident directed or carried out by a member or members of an armed force in the 
prosecution of war.  
3) ATM means Au tomatic Teller Machine.  
4) Acquired immune deficiency syndrome or AIDS will have the meanings assigned to it by the World 
Health Organization including Opportunistic Infection, Malignant Neoplasm, Human Immune 
Deficiency Virus (HIV), encephalopathy (demen tia), HIV wasting syndrome or any disease or 
sickness in the presence of a sero -positive test for HIV.  
i) Opportunistic infection includes but is not limited to pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, organism 
of chronic enteritis, virus and/or disseminated fungi  infection.  
ii) Malignant neoplasm includes but is not limited to Kaposi’s sarcoma, central nervous system 
lymphoma and/or other malignancies now known or which become known as immediate causes 
of death, an illness or disability, in the presence of Acquir ed Immune Deficiency Syndrome.  
 
3 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
5) Acts of Terrorism means any actual or threatened use of force or violence (excluding the use of 
Nuclear, Biological or Chemical weapons) directed at or causing damage, injury, harm or disruption, 
or commission of an act d angerous to human life or property, against any individual, property or 
government, with the stated or unstated objective of pursuing economic, ethnic, nationalistic, 
political, racial or religious interests, whether such interests are declared or not.  
     Robberies or other criminal acts, primarily committed for personal gain and acts arising primarily 
from prior personal relationships between perpetrator(s) and victim(s) will not be considered as an 
Act of Terrorism. Act of Terrorism also includes any a ct, which is verified or recognised by the 
(relevant) government as an act of terrorism.  
6) Country of residence means any country to which You are granted rights of citizenship or 
permanent residence by the respective governmental authorities excluding S ingapore.  
7) Child, Children shall mean an unmarried person or persons not older than 18 years of age or 
below 23 years of age if enrolled for full -time study in a recognized institution of learning or higher 
learning on the travel start date.  
8) Common carrier means any land, water or air conveyance operating under a valid license in the 
country that You are in for the transportation of passengers for hire and which operate to fixed, 
established and regular schedules and routes. It does not mean t axis or private cars, nor does it 
mean any such conveyance if chartered or arranged as part of a tour even if such services are 
regularly scheduled.  
9) Civil unrest, Riot or Commotion means a gathering of persons (organised or unorganised) in 
disturbance of the public peace with the presence of violence, threats of violence, or the action of 
any lawfully constituted authority to suppress or attempt to suppress any such gathering.  
10) Expedition means any journey to remote, high risk, inaccessible and/or i nhospitable locations 
including but not limited to privately organized kayaking trips around the coast of a country or trips 
to generally inaccessible interiors of a country or areas previously unexplored or unchartered, or 
trips undertaken for scientific,  research or political purposes to such locations or trips to Antarctica 
or similar remote and inhospitable locations. It does not mean treks and travel, outside of these 
previously given examples (unless specifically excluded elsewhere in this Policy), pr ovided by a 
recognized tour operator that are accessible to the general public without restrictions (other than 
general health or fitness warnings) but always providing that You are acting under the guidance and 
supervision of qualified guides and/or instr uctors of the tour operator.  
11) Extreme sports and sporting activities means any sport or sporting activities that present a high 
level of inherent danger (i.e. involves a high level of expertise, exceptional physical exertion, highly 
specialized gear or  stunts) including but not limited to big wave surfing, canoeing down rapids, cliff 
jumping, horse jumping, ultra marathons, biathlons, triathlons and stunt riding. It does not mean 
usual tourist activities that are accessible to the general public without  restriction (other than height 
or general health or fitness warnings) and which are provided by a recognized local tour operator 
but always providing that You are acting under the guidance and supervision of qualified guides 
and/or instructors of the tour  operator when carrying out such tourist activities.  
12) Golfing equipment means golf clubs and golf bags.  
13) Hostage means You (except a minor held hostage by his or her parents) being taken and held 
prisoner by another person by force or against Your will.  
14) Household contents means household furniture and furnishing, clothing and personal effects 
belonging to You or to members of Your family or domestic servants permanently residing with You 
and fixtures and fittings which You own (or for which You  are responsible) not being landlord’s 
fixtures and fittings and excluding deeds, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, cheques, 
travellers’ cheques, securities for money, documents of any kind, cash, currency notes.  
15) Hospital means an establishm ent constituted and registered as a facility for the care and treatment 
of sick and injured persons as paying bed patients and which:  
i) Has full facilities for diagnosis and surgical procedures;  
ii) Provides 24 -hour a day nursing services by registered graduate nurses;  
iii) Is supervised by a staff of Medical Practitioners; and  
 
4 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
iv) Is not primarily a clinic, nursing, rest or convalescent home, a home for the aged, a place for 
the treatment of alcoholism or drug addiction or an institution for mental or  behavioural disorder.  
16) Hospital confinement means confinement in a Hospital due to Sickness or Injury suffered 
Overseas for at least one Day as a resident in -patient (other than for day surgery) upon the advice 
of and under the regular care and attend ance of a Medical Practitioner for this purpose. Day shall 
mean a continuous 24 hour period for which the Hospital charges for room and/or board.  
17) Insured Person(s) in respect of an Individual Plan means the person(s) named in the Policy 
Schedule as th e Insured(s); in respect of a Family Plan means the person(s) stated in under clause 
54 of this section – Definitions.  
18) Insolvency means the inability of an individual or entity to pay its debt resulting in the total cessation 
of their business operations due to either:  
a) Insolvency, with or without the filing of a bankruptcy or similar petition; or  
b) Absconding with monies belong ing to the organization by an owner or employee who has prior 
convictions of any fraudulent or dishonest act, or is under investigation on a charge of fraudulent 
or dishonest act.  
19) Injury means a physical bodily injury sustained by You within 90 days f rom the date of an Accident 
which is caused by an Accident occurring during Your Trip solely, directly and independently of any 
other cause or causes.  
20) Jewellery mean objects such as rings, bracelets, brooches, necklaces, bangles, ear rings, lockets 
that are worn on the body as decoration which have inclusions of precious metals i.e. gold and silver 
with precious stone or semi -precious stones.   
21) Kidnap means any event or connected series of events of Your seizing, detaining or carrying or 
taking away  by force or fraud (except a minor kidnapped by his or her parents) against Your will for 
the purpose of demanding a ransom.  
22) Laptop computer means the complete laptop computer including accessories or attachments that 
come as standard equipment with t he laptop. Any handheld computers, Tablets or similar devices 
are excluded from this category.  
23) Loss of limb means Permanent and irrecoverable total loss of use or permanent loss by physical 
severance (separation) of a hand at or above the wrist or foo t at or above the ankle.  
24) Loss of hearing means total and irrecoverable loss of hearing which is beyond remedy by surgical 
or other treatment.  
25) Loss of sight means the entire and permanent irrecoverable loss of sight.  
26) Loss of speech means total and irrecoverable loss of speech which is beyond remedy by surgical 
or other treatment.  
27) Dental expenses means reasonable and necessary charges incurred as a re sult of Accidental 
Injury for dental treatment, carried out by a Dentist, medically necessary to treat Your condition, 
including charges for medical supplies or services, not exceeding the usual level of charges for 
similar treatment, supplies or medical s ervices in the locality where the expense is incurred and does 
not include charges that would not have been made if no insurance existed.  
     Dentist means a legally licensed dentist or dental surgeon duly registered and practising within the 
scope of hi s or her license pursuant to the laws of the country in which such practice is maintained. 
Dentist shall not include You or any of Your relatives unless otherwise approved by Us.  
28) Major travel event means:  
i. Natural Disaster;  
ii. Major industrial ac cident;  
iii. Civil Unrest, Riot or Commotion resulting in cancellation of scheduled Common Carrier services 
or in a relevant government warning against non -essential travel;  
iv. Strike resulting in cancellation of scheduled Common Carrier services; or  
v. Any event leading to airspace or multiple airport closures.  
29) Manual work  means work which involves a person undertaking physical labour or manual operation 
or active personal participation in any of the following:  
 
5 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
i. Underground work, mining work, m ilitary duties, offshore work, construction work, or outside 
building or installation work exceeding three meters in height;  
ii. Work that involves heavy machinery, explosives or hazardous materials;  
iii. Work as a diver, life guard, taxi driver, bus driver, or other commercial vehicle or heavy vehicle 
driver, dispatch rider or delivery person;  
iv. Work of a manual nature that involves specialist equipment and training, or work that presents 
risk of s erious injury including but not limited to oil riggers, fishermen, crane operators or welders;  
v. Work involved as a staff in a bar, restaurant and hotel, or work as musicians and singers and fruit 
pickers if the fruit pickers are operating machinery; but  does not mean a person who undertakes 
voluntary work for a charitable organization unless they receive remuneration for this work or if it 
involves construction work and usage of heavy machinery or working more than three meters 
above the ground.  
30) Medical expenses mean expenses incurred within 90 days of sustaining Injury or Sickness and 
paid to a Medical Practitioner, Hospital and/or ambulance service provider for medical, surgical, X -
ray, Hospital or nursing treatment including the cost of medical su pplies and ambulance hire and 
including the cost of dental treatment where such treatment is necessarily incurred to restore sound 
and natural teeth and is caused by an Accident. All treatment including specialist treatment must be 
prescribed or referred b y a Medical Practitioner in order for expenses to be reimbursed under this 
Policy which reimbursement will not exceed the usual level of charges for similar treatment, medical 
services or supplies in the location where the expenses were incurred had this i nsurance not existed.  
31) Medical practitioner means a licensed, registered and properly qualified medical practitioner 
licensed under any applicable laws and acting within the scope of his/her license and training. The 
attending Medical Practitioner cann ot be You, Your spouse, Your business partner, Your employer, 
Your employee, Your agent, a person booked to accompany You on the Trip or a person who is 
related to You in any way by blood, marriage or adoption.  
32) Mountaineering means the ascent or desce nt of a mountain ordinarily necessitating the use of 
specified equipment including but not limited to crampons, pickaxes, anchors, bolts, carabineers and 
lead-rope or top -rope anchoring equipment.  
33) Natural disasters means extreme weather conditions (in cluding but not limited to typhoons, 
hurricanes, cyclones or tornados), fires, floods, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, 
landslides or other convulsion of nature or by consequences of any of the occurrences mentioned 
above.  
34) Overseas means bey ond the territorial limits of Singapore.  
35) Physician means a registered herbalist, chiropractor, acupuncturist, bone setter or osteopath all 
licensed under any applicable laws including a traditional Chinese medical practitioner registered 
with the Trad itional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board. The attending Physician cannot be You, 
Your spouse, Your business partner, Your employer, Your employee, Your agent, a person booked 
to accompany You on the Trip or a person who is related to You in any way by blood, marriage or 
adoption.  
36) Payment card means a credit card, charge card or debit card issued by a qualified financial 
institution for personal use only.  
37) Permanent means lasting 12 consecutive calendar months from the date of the Accident and at 
the expiry of that period being beyond hope of improvement and confirmed in writing by a Medical 
Practitioner.  
38) Pre-existing medical condition means:  
1. Injury, illness, disease, or other conditions, including symptoms, suffered by you,  your relative or 
travel companion, which in the twelve (12) month period before the travel start date:  
a) first manifested itself, worsened, became acute or exhibited symptoms which would have 
caused an ordinarily prudent person to be aware of such condi tion or seek diagnosis, care or 
treatment;  
b) required taking prescribed drugs or medicine, or tests or further investigation had been 
recommended by a medical practitioner; or  
 
6 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
c) was treated by a medical practitioner or treatment had been recommended by  a medical 
practitioner.  
2. Any congenital, hereditary, chronic or ongoing condition of yours, your relative, or travel 
companion which you or they are aware of, or could reasonably be expected to be aware of, before 
the travel start date.  
39) Public pla ce means any place to which the general public has access, for example (but not limited 
to) airports, shops, restaurants, hotel foyers, parks, beaches, golf course, driving range, public 
buildings and like places.  
40) Relative refers to Your spouse, child , parent, parent -in-law, grandparent, grandparent -in-law, great -
grandparent, great -grandparent -in-law, grandchild, brother, sister, brother -in-law, sister -in-law, 
niece, nephew, aunt or uncle.  
41) Selected plan means the choice of Basic, Essential, Standard or Deluxe Plan which You or Your 
representative made at the time of proposal.  
42) Serious injury or Serious sickness whenever applied to You or members of a Family Plan means 
Injury or Sickness which requires  treatment by a Medical Practitioner and which results in You or 
such member of the Family Plan being certified by that Medical Practitioner as unfit to travel or 
continue with Your or their original Trip and whenever applied to Your Relative or Travel Com panion 
means Injury or Sickness certified by a Medical Practitioner as being dangerous to life and which 
results in Your discontinuation or cancellation of Your Trip. For the purpose of Parts 17 & 18, the 
definition of Sickness under “Serious Sickness” sha ll be that referred to in Clause 42.  
43) Sickness means any noticeable change in Your physical health due to a medical condition 
contracted, commencing or manifesting whilst Overseas during the period of Your Trip in which You 
seek the care of a Medical P ractitioner to treat the sickness for which the claim is made provided the 
sickness is not a Pre -existing Medical Condition and the nature of the sickness is not excluded from 
this Policy. For the purpose of Parts 17 & 18, “Sickness” means any noticeable c hange in Your 
physical health due to a medical condition contracted, commencing or manifesting before travelling 
Overseas in which You seek the care of a Medical Practitioner to treat the sickness for which the 
claim is made provided the sickness is not a Pre-existing Medical Condition and the nature of the 
sickness is not excluded from this Policy.  
44) Stolen means having been stolen by a third party by way of theft, robbery or burglary without Your 
assistance, consent or cooperation.  
45) Strike means an y organised, wilful refusal by any worker or employee to continue working to 
register a protest, or the action of any lawfully constituted authority in preventing or attempting to 
prevent any such act or in minimizing the consequences of such act.  
46) Total Disablement means Injury of a Permanent nature which solely, directly and totally disables 
and prevents You from attending to any business or occupation of any and every kind or if You have 
no business or occupation, from attending to Your usual duties.   
47) Travel companion means a person who has travel bookings to accompany You on the Trip 
excluding Your Relative.  
48) Travel agent means a travel agent registered in Singapore, including any registered overseas 
subsidiaries or affiliates or local sub -agent or sub -contractor of the registered travel agent.  
49) Trip means an overseas journey undertaken under a Per Trip Policy or an Annual Multi -Trip Policy.  
50) War is a hostile contention caused by or between nations or states, or parties in the same nat ion or 
state, exercising at least de facto authority within a given territory and commanding an armed force.  
51) We or Our or Us means ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
52) You or Your means the Insured Person including Child(ren) described in the Schedule , ordin arily 
residing in Singapore for whom the insurance is arranged.  
53) Area Of Cover means:  
Region 1 (ASEAN) - Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, The Philippines, 
Thailand and Vietnam;  
Region 2 (ASIA) - Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Korea, Macau, Mongolia, New 
Zealand, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Timor -Leste and countries under ‘ASEAN’;  
 
7 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Region 3 (Worldwide) - The rest of the world including Nepal, Tibet and countries under ‘ASEAN’ 
and ‘ASIA’.  
54) Co ver Type means the type of cover selected by the Insured at the time of the Insured’s insurance 
proposal:  
(a) *Basic Plan, Essential Plan, Standard Plan or Deluxe Plan;  
(b) Individual Cover, Adult & Child(ren) Cover or Family Cover;  
(c) Multiple Individuals.  
*Basic Plan is applicable for Trips to Malaysia, Batam Island and Bintan Island only. Annual Multi -Trip 
Cover is not available under Basic Plan. Persons aged seventy (70) years and above are eligible for 
Per Trip only. They can p urchase Annual Plan provided the insurance is effected before age seventy 
(70), renewable up to age eighty (80).  
Individual Cover - a Policy issued to the Insured in respect of the Insured Person named in 
Schedule . 
Adult & Child(ren) Cover - a Policy issu ed to the Insured in respect of the Insured and his/her 
biological or legally adopted Child(ren) . For Per Trip travel, the Insured Persons are required to travel 
together on the same Trip. For an Annual Cover, the Insured Persons are not required to travel  
together on any Trip. However, any Child Insured Person under the age of twelve (12) years must be 
accompanied by a parent or Adult guardian for any Trip made during the Period of Insurance . Only 
the Adult Insured Person is named in the Schedule .  
Family Cover - a Policy issued to the Insured in respect of the persons named in the Schedule as 
Insured Persons who are travelling as a Family . Only Adult Insured Persons are named in the 
Schedule .  
Family Cover -  
i) Under Per Trip Family Plan the Insured Perso n will comprise of:  
(a) A maximum of 2 adults who need not be related, and who are named in the Policy Schedule as 
the Insured(s) ;  
(b) Any number of Children who are unemployed and each legally related to either of the 2 adults 
mentioned in a) above; and  
(c) You must depart from and return to Singapore together at the same time as a family .  
ii) Under Annual Multi -Trip Family Plan the Insured Person will comprise of:  
(a) A maxi mum of 2 adults who are husband and wife and legally married to each other, and who 
are named in the Policy Schedule as the Insured(s) ; and  
b) Their natural or legally adopted Child or Children who are dependent on either or both of them 
for financial support, provided that the Child or Children must be accompanied by at least one 
of the adults mentioned in (a) above on the entire Trip .  
During the Policy period, coverage will apply to any one of  the adults in (a) travelling on separate 
Trips. Each Insured Person is entitled to claim for the benefits under each Part of this Policy up 
to the maximum limit in the Selected Plan under the applicable Parts for each Trip.  
For the avoidance of doubt, an y reference to “Insured Child” in this Policy refers to the “Child” or 
“Children” under this Section who are named as insured under this Policy.  
Multiple Individuals - A group of up to 20 individuals traveling and returning together on the same 
date.  
55) ERGO Assistance means Our travel assistance program which comprises of a worldwide team of 
medical professionals and insurance specialists who are available twenty -four (24) hours a day for 
advice or assistance during a medical emergency when the Insured Person is outside of their 
Country of residence.  
56) Chronic means any condition that persists, or is expected to persist for longer than a year and after 
that time is likely to recur. These include but are not limited to: arthritis, cardiovascular disord ers, 
epilepsy, hemophilia, lupus, motor neuron disease, multiple sclerosis disease, muscular dystrophy, 
Parkinson’s disease, renal -kidney disease and respiratory disorders.  
57) Claim means a request by you to us to avail yourself of the range of benefits that are available 
under this Policy.  
 
8 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Section 2 – Important Conditions   
The insurance operates only if all of the following conditions are satisfied:  
(a) It is a Trip commencing in Singapore, each Trip not exceeding one hundred and eighty -two (182) 
consecutive days except for annual cover where each Trip shall not exceed ninety (90) consecutive 
days;  
(b) All Insured Persons are in good health and are n ot travelling contrary to the advice of any Medical 
Practitioner or for the purpose of obtaining medical treatment;  
(c) At the time of arranging the Trip and/or affecting this insurance neither You nor any other Insured 
Person is aware of any circumstance s which are likely to lead to a claim under the Policy;  
(d) At the time You submit Your proposal for this insurance, none of the intended Insured Persons has 
already left Singapore on any Trip meant to be covered by this insurance;  
(e) Any Child Insured Person under the age of twelve (12) years must be accompanied by a parent or 
Adult guardian during the Trip; and  
(f) If an Insured Person had ever been refused cover or imposed special terms by any insurer for travel 
insurance, he/she must declare at the point of proposal and be accepted by the Company; otherwise 
the cover hereunder will be void.  
 
Section 3 – Scope and Limits of Cover and Benefits  
I. Limits of coverage  
1. This Policy shall terminate on the earliest of the following events:  
(i) Upon the  expiry of any Period of Insurance during which You cease to satisfy any of the eligibility 
requirements set out herein; or  
(ii) Upon Your death.  
2. Termination of cover under this Policy in respect of the Main Insured Person shall automatically 
terminate cover for all other Insured Persons.  
3. You will only be covered:  
(i) If this Policy is an Annual Policy: for a maximum of ninety (90) consecuti ve days for any one 
Journey, and We shall not be liable in respect of any loss occurring after 12.00 a.m. on the 91st day 
after commencement of any one Journey; or  
(ii) If this Policy is a Per Trip Policy: for the Period of Insurance as stated in the Certi ficate of 
Insurance up to a maximum of one hundred and eighty -three (182) consecutive days for the 
Journey, and We shall not be liable in respect of any loss occurring after 12.00 a.m. on the 183rd 
day after the commencement of the Journey.  
II. Policy ext ension  
1. Subject to Our prior approval, a Per Trip Policy may be extended before the expiry of the Policy. 
If however because of circumstances beyond Your control You are unable to contact ERGO 
Assistance to notify Us that the Trip is extended beyond the period stated in the Policy and to 
request for an extension of the Policy, We will extend the period of insurance without charge for 72 
hours.  
2. In the event that You, as a ticket holding passenger on a scheduled Public Conveyance, is 
prevented from completing the return leg of a Journey within the Period of Insurance, as a result of:  
(i) You suffering from an Accidental Injury or Sickness, which renders You unfit for travel by a 
Doctor designated by ERGO Assistance at the Doctor’s absolute discretion; or  
(ii) You being Confined in a Hospital Overseas at the expiry of the Period of Insurance; or  
(iii) The scheduled Public Conveyance in which You are travelling is being unavoidably delayed 
due to strike or industrial actions, adverse weather conditions or mecha nical 
breakdown/derangement of the Public Conveyance or due to grounding of an aircraft as a result 
of mechanical or structural defect; the Period of Insurance shall be automatically extended 
without additional premium up to thirty (30) days for events (i)  and (ii) above and seven (7) days 
for event (iii) above.  
 
 
9 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
III. Period of insurance  
For Per Trip Policy, the period of insurance shall not exceed 182 Consecutive days and for which cover 
shall commence from:  
a) For Parts 17, 18 and 19 the later of the P olicy issuance date or as specified under the applicable 
Part; and  
b) For all other Parts the later of the departure date shown on the Policy Schedule or the time of 
departure from Singapore to travel to the intended destination(s) Overseas; and  
c) Shall  continue until the earlier of:  
i) Your arrival in Singapore;  
ii) The expiry date shown in Your Policy Schedule; or  
iii) 182 consecutive days following the commencement date of Your journey.  
For Annual Multi -Trip Policy, the period of insurance shall not exceed 90 consecutive days and for which 
cover shall commence from:  
a) For Parts 17, 18 and 19 the later of the Policy issuance date, date of actual booking for the journey 
or as specified un der the applicable Part; and  
b) For all other Parts the later of the Policy issuance date or the time of departure from Singapore to 
travel to the intended destination(s) Overseas; and  
c) Shall continue until the earlier of:  
i) Your arrival in Singapore ;  
ii) The expiry date shown in Your Policy Schedule; or  
iii) 90 consecutive days following the commencement date of Your journey.  
 
Section 4 – General Exclusions  
This policy will not cover any loss, injury, damage or legal liability arising directly or indirectly 
from:  
1) The use, release or escape of nuclear materials that directly or indirectly results in nuclear reaction 
or radiation or radioactive contaminatio n;  
2) The dispersal or application of pathogenic or poisonous biological or chemical materials;  
3) The release of pathogenic or poisonous biological or chemical materials;  
4) Your illegal or unlawful intentional act or confiscation, detention, destruction by customs or other 
authorities or any breach of government regulation;  
5) Your failure to take reasonable precautions to avoid a claim under the Policy following the warn ing 
of any Major Travel Event through or by general mass media;  
6) Any prohibition or regulations by any government interference with your travel plans, government 
regulator or official authority including but not limited to travel or transportation restr ictions, refusal 
of a visa or permit to you or to any relative or traveling companion or restriction of access to any 
locality;  
7) You not taking all reasonable efforts or Your carelessness, negligence or recklessness in 
safeguarding Your property or avoi ding Injury or avoiding and/or minimising any claim under the 
Policy;  
8) You participating in:  
a) Extreme Sports and Sporting Activities;  
b) Any professional sports or any sport in which You would or could earn or receive remuneration, 
donation, sponsor ship or financial rewards of any kind;  
c) Racing other than on foot (except for ultra -marathons, biathlons and triathlons which are 
excluded);  
d) Expeditions;  
e) Hunting;  
f) Off -piste skiing;  
 
10 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
g) White water rafting or canoeing grade 4 or above;  
h) Oce an yachting or pot holing;  
i) Scuba diving unless You hold a PADI certification (or similar recognized qualification) or You are 
diving with a qualified instructor. In these situations the maximum depth that We will cover is as 
specified under Your PADI c ertification (or similar recognised qualification) but no deeper than 
thirty (30) meters and You must not be diving alone;  
j) Motorcycling (unless You hold a motorcycle license recognised by the country. You are travelling 
in and provided that You wear a helmet and appropriate safety gear at all times, the motorcycle 
has an engine capacity of 125cc or less and abide by all applicable road laws of that country, but 
always excluding motorcycle racing);  
k) Mountaineering;  
l) Outdoor rock climbing or abseili ng; or  
m) Trekking (including mountain trekking) above 3000 meters, exclusions (l) and (m) shall not apply 
to organized harnessed outdoor rock climbing, harnessed abseiling and trekking (including 
mountain trekking) that are:  
- Available to the general p ublic without restriction (other than general health and fitness 
warnings); and  
- Provided by a recognized commercial local tour operator or activity provider; and  
- Provided that You are acting under the guidance and supervision of qualified guides and/or 
instructors of the tour operator or activity provider and you wear the recommended safety 
equipment and follow the safety procedures, rules and regulations of the qualified guides and/or 
instructors; and  
- The activity takes place below 6,000 meters.  
9) You travelling as an operator or crew member in, or carrying out any testing or repairs on, a private 
aircraft or a Common Carrier;  
10) Suicide or attempted suici de or intentional self -inflicted injury, while sane or insane;  
11) The effect or influence of alcohol or of non -prescription drugs or medications;  
12) Any Pre -Existing Medical Conditions of Yours, a Relative, Travel Companion or any other person 
whose st ate of health may affect Your Trip and which may give rise for You to claim other than as 
expressly provided under Part 7 – Repatriation of Mortal Remains or Funeral Expenses Overseas; 
or a terminal condition diagnosed before date of departure of the trip.   
13) Pregnancy or childbirth, and/or any injury or sickness associated with pregnancy or childbirth 
(except for coverage under Part 3 and Part 6);  
14) Sexually transmitted diseases, AIDS, HIV infections and AIDS related infections;  
15) Mental and nervou s or sleep disorders, including but not limited to insanity or any diagnosed 
psychological or psychiatric disorder, anxiety or depression;  
16) Your engaging in naval, military, air force service or operations, or testing of any kind of conveyance, 
engagin g in Manual Work during the Trip, engaging in any offshore work activity or engaging in 
mining, aerial photography or handling of explosives or ammunition, firearms or flight duty (except 
as a passenger);  
17) You acting as a law enforcement officer, emerg ency medical or fire service personnel, civil defence 
or military personnel of any country or international authority, whether in full -time service or as a 
volunteer or for reservist training pursuant to Section 14 of the Enlistment Act, Chapter 93 of 
Singapore;  
18) Mysterious disappearance;  
19) When You are not fit to travel or are travelling against the advice of a Medical Practitioner;  
20) When You are travelling to obtain medical care, treatment or advice of any kind whether this is the 
sole purpose or not of Your Trip;  
21) Non -Emergency medical services or treatments referred to ERGO Assistance which in the opinion 
of both the Medical Practitioner in attendance and ERGO Assistance can wait until You return to 
Singapore;  
 
11 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
22) Any claim that results f rom the tour operator, airline or any other company, firm or person wilfully 
refusing to carry out any part of their obligation to You;  
23) Any indirect losses which are not covered by the terms and conditions of this Policy;  
24) The costs of any lost or  damaged item which is covered by any other insurance policy;  
25) Travel in, to or through Afghanistan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iran, Iraq, Sudan, South Sudan, 
Syria, Libya, Somalia, North Korea, or the Crimea region;  
26) Declared or undeclared War , or any declared or undeclared Act of War;  
27) Ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any irradiated nuclear fuel, or from any 
nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel;  
28) Radioactive toxic explosive or other hazardous prop erties of any explosive nuclear assembly, or of 
its nuclear component;  
29) Consequential loss or damage of any kind;  
30) Epidemic or pandemic as declared by the World Health Organization;  
31) Your direct participation in terrorist acts;  
32) If you are:  
I. A terrorist;  
II. A member of a terrorist organization;  
III. A narcotics trafficker; and/or A provider of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.  
33) We shall not be deemed to provide cover and shall not be liable to pay any claim or  provide any 
cover hereunder to the extent that the provision of such cover or payment or such claim would expose 
Us to any sanction, prohibition or restriction under the United Nations resolutions or the trade or 
economic sanctions, laws or regulations of  Singapore, the European Union or United Kingdom or United 
States of America.  
34) The refusal, failure or inability of any person, company or organisation including any carrier or 
service provider to provide services, facilities or accommodation by reason of their own financial default 
or the financial default of any person, company  or organisation with whom or with which they have 
business dealings, other than as expressly provided under Part 19 - Trip cancellation due to insolvency.  
 
Section 5 – Special Conditions  
I. Cancellation  
We may cancel this Policy at any time by giving s even (7) days’ notice in writing delivered to You or 
mailed to Your last address as shown in Our records stating when thereafter such cancellation shall be 
effective. In the event of such cancellation, We will return promptly the pro -rata unearned portion of any 
premium actually paid by You. Such cancellation shall be without prejudice to any claim originating prior 
thereto.  
II. Refund  
Per Trip Policy: We will not allow any refund of premium once the Policy is issued.  
Annual Multi -Trip Policy: If the Pol icy is cancelled less than 6 months from the Policy effective date, 
a short rate will apply except if there has been a claim against the Policy during that time -period. There 
will be no refund for cancellation of a policy after 9 months from the Policy eff ective date. In the event 
of such cancellation, We will apply a short rate refund as follows.  
 
III. Addition of Insured Person (applicable to annual Multi -Trip policies only)  
No person shall be covered by this Policy unless such person is specifically named as an Insured 
Person and evidenced by a written endorsement to this Policy. Additional premi um will be charged for Cancellation of Policy  Refund%  
Within 1 – 6 months  50% 
Between 7 – 9 months  15% 
After 9 months  0% 
Claims filed during policy period  0% 
 
12 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
each additional Insured Person included under this Policy after the commencement of the Period of 
Insurance or at the time of renewal of this Policy.  
 
Section 6 – General Conditions  
I. Payment before cover warranty  
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy but subject to sub -clause below:  
a) You agree and declare that the total premium due must be paid and actually received in full by 
Us (or the intermediary through whom thi s Policy was effected) on or before the Effective Date of 
the coverage under the Policy; and  
b) In the event that the total premium due is not paid and actually received in full by Us (or the 
intermediary through whom this Policy was effected) on or befor e the Effective date, then the Policy 
will be deemed to be cancelled  immediately and no benefits whatsoever will be payable by Us as 
cover never attached on the Policy or renewal. Any payment received thereafter will be of no effect 
on the cancellation of the Policy.  
II. Entire contract, changes  
The Policy, Schedule, End orsements, Proposal Form, Declaration and attached papers together with 
other statement in writing will be read together as one contract. Any word or expression to which a 
specific meaning has been ascribed in any part of the Schedule attached will bear sp ecific meaning 
wherever it may appear. In the event of a conflict, the terms, conditions or provisions of the Schedule 
attached will prevail. No agent has the authority to change or waive any provisions of the Policy. No 
change of provisions will be valid unless approved by Our executive officer and such approval has been 
endorsed into the Policy.  
III. One -way Trip  
This Policy also covers a one -way Trip provided You have purchased the Policy in Singapore, and the 
original point of departure is Singapore. Transits at other countries are allowed provided You are 
confined to the transit area of the airports in these countries. Cover provided under a one -way Trip 
Policy is only limited to Parts 14, 15, 17, 18, 19, 21, 22, 23, 24, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30 and 37 of t his Policy. 
Cover for one -way Trip commences 3 hours before You leave Singapore and ceases on whichever of 
the following occurs first (except for cover under Part 14):  
a) The expiry of the period specified in the insurance; or  
b) Your arrival at Your fir st Overseas destination (excluding transit countries where You are confined 
to the transit area of the airport).  
Cover for one -way Trip under Part 14 commences 3 hours before You leave Singapore and ceases on 
whichever of the following occurs first:  
a) The expiry of the period specified in the insurance; or  
b) Within 3 hours of the time of arrival at Your first Overseas destination (excluding transit countries 
where You are confined to the transit area of the airport).  
IV. Renewal (applicable to Annual Multi -Trip policies only)  
This Policy may be renewed, at Our sole discretion, with payment of the premium in full and in advance 
at Our premium rate prevailing at time of renewals. A renewal certificate will be issued and shall be the 
evidence of valid co ver, unless otherwise notified. We reserve the right to amend the premium, terms 
and conditions of this Policy by giving You thirty (30) days’ written notice of any change(s) to Your 
address on file.  
This Policy shall be cancelled automatically and withou t any written notice from Us if the full premium 
is not received by Us before the expiry of the Period of Insurance. The cancellation shall take effect 
upon the expiry of the Period of Insurance.  
V. Legal action  
No action shall be brought to recover on th is Policy prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days after written 
proof of claim has been filed in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.  
VI. Misrepresentation  
This Policy shall be voidable in the event of any misrepresentation, wrong descriptio n, non -disclosure 
or concealment of any circumstances by You which is material to or connected with:  
 
13 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
(a) Your risk experience and claim history; and/or  
(b) Your insurance record, including previous refusals to grant insurance coverage.  
VII. Consequences of breach of duty, fraud or misrepresentation  
We may refuse to pay a claim either in whole or in part, if You:  
(a) failed to tell Us anything You know or could be reasonably expected to know that will affect Our 
decision to accept your proposal for Insurance or to apply specific or additional terms or premium;  
(b) Make a misrepresentation to Us before or at the time Your Policy was entered into;  
(c) Br each a provision of Your Policy;  
(d) Make a fraudulent claim under any policy of insurance;  
(e) Engage in any act or omission which under Your Policy You are required to notify Us of, but You do 
not notify Us.  
VIII. Due diligence  
The Insured will exerc ise due diligence and precaution in doing all things to avoid or reduce any loss 
under this Policy.  
IX. Claims procedure  
Written notice shall be given to Our Travel Claims Department at 5 Temasek Boulevard, #04 -05 
Suntec Tower Five, Singapore 038985. If You, or Your legal representative want to make a claim, You 
or they must:  
a. Complete a claim form (claim forms are available from Us), and attach to the claim form:  
(i) Original receipts for any expenses incurred that are being claimed;  
(ii) All reports that have been made with or obtained from the police, a carrier or other authorities 
about an accident, loss or damage; and  
(iii) Any other documentary evidence required by Us under Your Policy.  
b. Provide Us with the completed claim for m and accompanying documents as soon as practicable, in 
any event within thirty (30) days of the incident taking place which gives rise to the claim. Notice 
given to Us by You or on Your behalf with information sufficient to identify You will be deemed to be 
notice to Us. However, if You visit or are admitted into a Hospital for medical treatment whilst 
Overseas and You are likely to be in Hospital for more than 24 -hours, someone must contact Us 
immediately and notify Us of such an event. This notice shall then be followed up with the written 
notice stated in this condition. In any event and irrespective if notice has been given, all claims must 
be submitted no later than 30 days after the occurrence of any event giving rise to the claim; and  
c. Provide any  documents or evidence required by Us to verify the claim at Your expense. Any medical 
examination required by Us (including post -mortem examinations where it is not prohibited by law) 
to verify the claim will be at Our expense.  
Failure to notify Us withi n the time limit prescribed shall not invalidate the claim if it can be shown, 
to Our satisfaction, that it was not reasonably possible to give such proof within the prescribed time 
limit for an otherwise legitimate claim.  
X. Payment of claims  
Indemnity for Your loss of life is payable to Your estate. All other indemnities of this Policy are payable 
to You, except under Parts 6 and 7. Under Parts 1, 2 and 3, in the event funds for emergency medical 
treatment are guaranteed to the provider of healthcare by  ERGO Assistance or its authorized 
representative, indemnities will be payable directly to the provider of healthcare. Indemnity for expenses 
under Parts 1, 2 and 3 which You incur directly will be payable to You. Under Parts 6 and 7 the benefits 
will be p aid directly to the provider of service as indicated in each section. Any reimbursements or 
indemnities under this Policy shall be made in accordance with the prevailing laws, rules and regulations 
of Singapore. We will not pay any claim if and where the l aws of Your Country of residence prevent Us 
from making such payments or We will make payments of Your claim in Singapore if We, in Our sole 
discretion, deem fit and We are legally able to do so. Any receipt by You of any Benefit payable under 
this Policy shall in all cases be deemed final and complete discharge of all Our liability in respect of 
such Benefit.  
 
 
 
14 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
XI. Right of recovery  
In the event a fraudulent claim is made by You or otherwise, and authorization of payment and/or 
payment is made by Us or ERGO Assistance or an authorized representative of ERGO Assistance 
for a claim where there is no cover under this Policy due to fraud or otherwise, We or ERGO Assistance 
or an authorized representative of ERGO Assistance reserves the right to recover from You or Your 
estate the full sum which We or ERGO Assistance or an authorized representative of ERGO 
Assistance has paid or had committ ed to on your behalf.  
XII. No multiple policies  
You can only be covered under one travel insurance policy underwritten by Us for the same Journey.  
XIII. Compliance With Policy Provisions  
Failure to comply with any of the provisions contained in this Po licy shall invalidate all claims hereunder.  
XIV. Other insurances and refund or reimbursement from any other source  
Except as otherwise provided in this Policy, if You have or should have any other insurance providing 
cover for the same loss, damage or l iability, We shall not be liable to pay except for any excess beyond 
the amount paid or which would have been payable under the Policy or Policies had this insurance not 
been effected.  
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event You become entitled to a refun d of or reimbursement of all or 
part of Your loss from any other source for the events covered under this Policy, We will only be liable 
for the excess of the amount recoverable from such other source.  
XV. Subrogation  
In the event of any payment made by Us under one or more parts of this Policy, We will be subrogated 
to all Your rights of recovery against any person or organization. You shall provide Us with reasonable 
assistance including but not limited to, executing and delivering any instruments and/o r documents. 
You shall take no actions which may prejudice Our subrogation rights.  
XVI. Notice of trust or assignment and third party rights  
We shall not be bound or be affected by any notice of any trust, charge, lien, assignment or other 
dealing with o r in relation to this Policy.  
A person who is not a party to this Policy contract shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act (Cap. 53B) to enforce any of its terms.  
XVII. Arbitration  
Any dispute arising out of this Policy shal l first be referred to the Financial Industry Disputes resolution 
Centre Ltd (FIDReC), where it falls within FIDReC’s jurisdiction. If the dispute cannot be referred to or 
resolved by FIDReC, it shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in S ingapore in accordance 
with the Arbitration rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre for the time being in force, 
which rules are deemed to be incorporated by references in this clause. The Tribunal shall consist of 
one arbitrator.  
XVIII. Governing law  
This Policy shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Singapore law and subject to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore Courts.  
XIX. Interest  
No amounts payable by Us under this Policy shall carry interest.  
XX. Currency  
Premiums and benefits payable under this Policy shall be in Singapore dollars.  
XXI. Clerical error  
A clerical error by Us shall not invalidate insurance otherwise validly in force, nor continue insurance 
otherwise not validly in force.  
XXII. Personal data protection consent  
The Insured Person(s) understand, acknowledge, agree and consent that:  
ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd. (ERGO) may/will collect, use, disclose and/or process the Insured Person(s) 
personal information set out in the proposal f orm and any other information provided by the Insured 
Person(s) or possessed by ERGO for the purpose of enabling ERGO to provide the Insured Person(s) 
 
15 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
with services required of an insurance provider, such as evaluating, processing, administering, and/or 
managing of the Insured Person(s) relationship and policies with ERGO. This includes among other 
things policy servicing, processing, investigating, handling, administering and/or settling the Insured 
Person(s) claim with ERGO or other insurers;  
ERGO may/wi ll disclose and transfer the Insured Person(s) personal information to third parties, 
including but not limited to its affiliates, representatives, agents and third party service providers, 
lawyers/law firms, whether located within or outside Singapore, fo r one or more of the above purposes, 
and the said third parties may/will subsequently collect, use, disclose and/or process the Insured 
Person(s) personal information for one or more of the above purposes;  
If personal information of third parties (e.g. in formation of Insured Persons, beneficiaries, beneficial 
owners, dependents, customers, payees and/or employees) is provided to ERGO, the provider of such 
personal information represents and warrants to ERGO that prior consents have been obtained from 
each of the third parties to provide such information.  
The personal data protection clauses herein are not exhaustive. For full details concerning our Personal 
Data Protection Policy please refer to http://www.ergo.com.sg/pdpa.  
XXIII. Policy owners’ protectio n scheme  
This Policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the 
Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your Policy is automatic and no further 
action is required from you.  
For more informati on on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits 
of coverage, where applicable, please contact Us or visit the GIA / LIA or SDIC websites 
(www.gia.org.sg or www.lia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg).  
XXIV. Modification  
We rese rve the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Policy within the Period of Insurance by 
giving You prior notice of at least thirty (30) days, and such modification shall be applicable from the 
effective date as stated in Our written notice to You r address on file.  
No modification of this Policy shall be valid unless approved in writing by Our authorized representative, 
and such approval shall be evidenced by way of an endorsement to this Policy issued by Us. No broker 
or agent has the authority t o modify or to waive any of the terms and conditions of this Policy.  
XXV. Insurance Act (Chapter 142)  
The Policy is issued in Singapore and is subject to the Insurance Act (Cap 142) (the “Act”) and all rules, 
regulations, subsidiary legislation and gover nment orders enacted thereunder.  
For this Policy to be treated as a Singapore policy, You should be ordinarily resident in Singapore at 
the date of Your proposal for this Policy. The Act provides that You are treated as being ordinarily 
resident in Singap ore if:  
a) You are a citizen of Singapore, unless You have resided outside Singapore continuously for 5 or 
more years preceding the proposal date of the Policy and are not currently residing in Singapore;  
b) You are a permanent resident, unless You have resided in Singapore for less than a total of 183 
days in the 12 months preceding the proposal date of the Policy;  
c) You have a work pass or permit required under the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap. 
91A), unless You have resided in Singapore for less than a total of 183 days in the 12 months 
preceding the proposal date of the Policy; or  
d) You have a pass or permit required under the Immigration Act (Cap. 133) that has duration longer 
than 90 days and You have resided in Singapore continuously for at least 90 days in the 12 months 
preceding the proposal date of the Policy.  
If You do not satisfy any one of the aforesaid definitions of being “ordinarily resident in Singapore”, You 
must notify Us immediately.  
XXVI. Duplication of cover  
In the event You are covered under more than one travel insurance policy with the exception of 
corporate travel insurance, underwritten by Us for the same Trip, We will consider You insured only 
under the policy which provides the highest benefit level.  
 
 
16 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
XXVII. Country of residence coverage  
If You travel back to Your Country of residence for a continuous period of more than 30 days, coverage 
under Part 1 of this Policy is limited to 20% of the limit specified in the Selected Plan under that Part 
notwithstanding any other provisions of this Po licy.  
XXVIII. Determination of age  
In any claim, Your age will be determined as at the date of the Injury or Sickness with reference to the 
birth date.  
XXIX. Notify authorities  
If the property insured under Parts 21, 23,28 and 31(i) of this Policy is l ost or damaged, You will take 
all reasonable measures to protect, save, and recover it, and will also promptly notify the police, hotel, 
transportation company or transportation terminal authorities. You must also get a property irregularity 
report (PIR) a nd any other official written report from the airline or transport company or other service 
provider or a report from the police or any relevant authority as the case may be. If You fail to notify the 
airline or transport company or other service provider within 24 hours of the event or the police (and 
hotel management company if this applies) within 24 hours of the event, We reserve the right not to pay 
Your claim.  
XXX. Forms for proof of loss  
Upon receipt of a notice of claim, We will furnish You with s uch claim forms as are usually furnished by 
Us for filing proof of loss. You must return such claim forms with full particulars within 15 days after the 
receipt of such claim forms. You will also at the same time when returning the completed claim form 
within the said 15 days provide Us written proof of the occurrence, the circumstances and the extent of 
the loss for which the claim is made. You will also at any time at Our request submit whatever 
documents required by Us in support of the claim as soon as possible and in any event within 60 days 
after the receipt of notice of such requirement. Any reimbursement of any claim for travel delay, flight 
diversion, flight overbooking, travel misconnection, baggage delay shall only be upon production of 
reports fr om the carrier documenting such event and the period of delay or time taken for alternative 
transportation to be made available. Any reimbursement of the Medical Expenses or claim arising from 
Injury or Sickness suffered under this Policy shall only be upo n production of a medical certificate, report 
or note from the treating Medical Practitioner or Physician or Hospital or clinic detailing the Injury or 
Sickness You suffered for which treatment was given or with reasons for quarantine.  
XXXI. Reinstatement  of policy  
If You default in paying the agreed premium for this Policy, the subsequent acceptance of premium by 
Us will reinstate this Policy, but only to cover Injury or Sickness or any other loss sustained after such 
acceptance of premium.  
XXXII. Resid ence limitation  
This policy will not cover any claim, loss, injury, damage or legal liability suffered or sustained by 
residents of Afghanistan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iran, Iraq, Sudan, South Sudan, Syria, Libya, 
Somalia, North Korea, or the Crime a region.  
 
Section 7 - Coverage  
Subject to the terms conditions and exclusions of this Policy, the Company will pay as follows in respect 
of the Period of Insurance according to the Cover Type the Insured has selected.  
Part 1 - Overseas medical expenses  incurred due to sickness or injury  
We will reimburse You, up to the maximum limit specified in the Selected Plan under Part 1, the Medical 
Expenses necessarily incurred whilst Overseas for Injury or Sickness that You suffered solely and 
independently of any other causes. In no event will th e total of the Medical Expenses incurred Overseas 
exceed the limit specified in the applicable Selected Plan under Part 1.  
 Maximum Benefits (S$)  
Basic  Essential  Standard  Deluxe  
Insured Person (under 70 years)  25,000  200,000  500,000  1,000,000  
Insured Person (above 70 years)  10,000  100,000  100,000  200,000  
Insured Child in a Family Plan  5,000  50,000  200,000  300,000  
 
17 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Important:  
(a) If you are entitled to receive payment of all or part of the medical expenses from any other source, 
we will pay the difference between what was actually incurred and paid by you and the amount you are 
entitled to receive from such other source.  
(b) T his is not a private hospital medical insurance. If you go into hospital overseas and you are likely 
to be kept as an in -patient for more than twenty -four (24) hours, you or someone acting on your behalf 
must contact ERGO Assistance immediately. If you or someone acting on your behalf does not notify 
ERGO Assistance prior to your stay exceeding twenty -four (24) hours, we may provide no cover or we 
may reduce the amount we reimburse you for medical expenses.  
(c) The necessary and reasonable medical expenses  covered are those that are medically necessary 
to treat your condition at the place the medical event occurred, unless otherwise approved in writing by 
us or ERGO Assistance before such medical treatment is provided.  
 
Part 2 - Medical expenses incurred in Singapore Post Trip  
We will reimburse You, up to the limit specified in the table below, the Medical Expenses necessarily 
incurred in Singapore for medical treatment or follow -up medical treatment in Singapore for Inj ury which 
You had experienced whilst Overseas. The time limit for seeking such medical treatment is as follows:  
(a) If prior medical treatment has not been sought Overseas, You must seek medical treatment in 
Singapore within 48 hours from the time of arri val in Singapore. Thereafter and from the date of the 
first medical treatment in Singapore, You have up to a maximum of 30 days to continue the medical 
treatment in Singapore up to the limit specified in the table below;  
or  
(b) If medical treatment had a lready been sought Overseas, You have up to a maximum of 30 days 
from the date of return to Singapore to continue the medical treatment in Singapore up to the limit 
specified in the table below;  
(c) If prior medical treatment has not been sought Overseas,  and the Sickness is Severe Acute 
Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), Avian flu, H1N1 flu, dengue fever or any Sickness which a Medical 
Practitioner certifies was experienced while Overseas but symptoms would not manifest within 48 
hours from the time of arrival in Singapore, You must seek medical treatment in Singapore within 7 
days from the date of return to Singapore. You have up to a maximum of 30 days to continue medical 
treatment in Singapore up to the limit specified in the table below;  
 
 Maximum Benefits ( S$) 
Basic  Essential  Standard  Deluxe  
Insured Person (under 70 years)  1,000  10,000  25,000  50,000  
Insured Person (above 70 years)  500 1,000  3,000  5,000  
Insured Child in a Family Plan  500 3,000  8,000  15,000  
In no event will the total of the Medical Expenses in Singapore exceed the limit specified in the 
applicable Selected Plan under scenarios (a), (b) or (c) of Part 2. Additionally, the maximum sum 
payable for Medical Expenses, whether incurred Overseas or i n Singapore, shall not exceed the limit 
specified in the applicable Selected Plan in the table in Part 1.  
Important:  
If you are entitled to receive payment of all or part of the medical expenses from any other source, we 
will pay the difference between w hat was actually incurred and paid by you and the amount you are 
entitled to receive from such other source.  
 
Part 3 - Medical expenses incurred overseas associated with women’s pregnancy (not 
applicable to Basic Plan)  
We will reimburse You, up to the maximum limit of the Selected Plan specified under Part 3, the Medical 
Expenses which are necessarily incurred wh ilst Overseas due to a sickness associated with pregnancy.  
 
18 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
This Part however does not apply to treatment against sickness due to pregnancy which You sought in 
Your Country of residence or upon return to Singapore. If You are entitled to a refund of all or  part of 
the expenses from any person or any other source, We will only pay the balance amount of Medical 
Expenses that is not refunded subject to the applicable limits.  
Exclusions  
For the purpose of this Part, sickness due to pregnancy or treatment or l osses suffered as a result of 
sickness due to pregnancy Overseas does not include the following:  
1) Any expenses incurred due to events occurring during the first trimester of pregnancy (0 -12 
weeks);  
2) Ectopic pregnancy, childbirth, including premature childbirth or stillbirth;  
3) Abortion or miscarriage, except if related to Accidental Injury and not attributed to any natural 
causes and/or sickness relating to pregnancy or childbirth;  
4) Tests or treatment relating to fertility, contraception, sterili sation, birth defects or Congenital 
illnesses;  
5) Any depressive, psychological or psychiatric illness, including post -natal depression; and  
6) Pre -existing Medical Conditions.  
 
Part 4 - Treatment by physician (including Traditional Chinese Medical (TCM ) practitioner & 
Chiropractor)  
We will reimburse You, up to the limit specified in the Selected Plan under Part 4, the expenses incurred 
in relation to treatment by a Physician, which are necessarily incurred whilst Overseas for Injury and 
Sickness which You suffered solely and independently of any other causes. This benefit also covers 
expenses incurred for treatment or follow -up treatment in Singapore by a Physician for Injury or 
Sickness which You had sustained whilst Overseas.  
The time limit for seeki ng such treatment is as follows:  
a) if prior treatment has not been sought Overseas, You must seek treatment in Singapore within 2 
days from the date of return to Singapore. From the date of the first treatment in Singapore, You 
have up to a maximum of 30  days to continue treatment in Singapore up to the limit specified in the 
Selected Plan under Part 4; or  
b) if treatment had already been sought Overseas, You have up to a maximum of 30 days from the 
date of return to Singapore to continue treatment in Si ngapore up to the limit specified in the Selected 
Plan under Part 4. In no event will the total expenses for treatment by a Physician incurred Overseas 
and in Singapore exceed the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 4.  
 
Part 5 - Hospital allow ance (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
Whilst Overseas - We will pay, up to the limit in the Selected Plan under Part 5, hospital allowance for 
Hospital Confinement due to Injury or Sickness experienced whilst Overseas. If You are under Hospital 
Confinement during the Trip, We will pay You $200 for each continuous 24 hour period of such Hospital 
Confinement. Payment will be made after the period of Hospital Confinement.  
In Singapore - We will pay, up to the limit specified in the Selected Plan under Part 5, hospital allowance 
for Hospital Confinement in the event that You are under Hospital Confinement immediately upon Your 
arrival in Singapore due to Injury or Sickness sustained whilst  Overseas. If You are under Hospital 
Confinement in Singapore, We will pay You $100 for each continuous 24 hour period of such Hospital 
Confinement. Payment will be made after the period of Hospital Confinement.  
 
Part 6 - Emergency medical evacuation and medical repatriation  
When as the result of Injury or Sickness experienced while You are Overseas and if in the opinion of 
ERGO Assistance , or its authorized representative, it is found medically appropriate to mov e You to 
another location or to transfer You back to Singapore for medical treatment, ERGO Assistance or its 
authorized representative will arrange for the evacuation utilizing the best suited and available means 
to do so, based on the medical criticality of Your condition. We will arrange and pay the covered 
expenses for such evacuation in the Selected Plan under Part 6.  
 
19 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
The means of evacuation arranged by ERGO Assistance or its authorized representative may include 
air ambulance, surface ambulance, regul ar air transportation (civil aircraft), railroad or any other 
appropriate and best suited means. All decisions as to the means of transportation and the final 
destination will be made by ERGO Assistance , or its authorized representative, and will be based 
solely on medical necessity.  
Covered expenses are expenses for services provided and/or arranged by ERGO Assistance for Your 
transportation and shall include medical services and medical supplies necessarily incurred as a result 
of the emergency medical e vacuation.  
 
Part 7 - Repatriation of mortal remains or funeral expenses overseas  
When as the result of Injury or Sickness experienced whilst Overseas, You suffer death within thirty 
(30) days from the date of the Injury or beginning of the Sickness, ERGO  Assistance or its authorized 
representative will make the necessary arrangements for the transfer of Your mortal remains to 
Singapore or to Your Country of residence. We will also pay the associated reasonable expenses 
necessarily incurred Overseas for se rvices and supplies provided by the mortician or undertaker, 
including but not limited to the cost of a basic casket, embalmment and cremation if so opted for. This 
however will not include expenses related to religious ceremony or rites. It is a condition  of cover that 
you were medically fit and able to undertake the planned travel when you commenced the trip.  
The maximum amount we will pay is the Sum Insured limit shown in the summary of benefits under Part 
7 (a) for the plan you selected. Cover under th is Section is extended to include claims arising from an 
existing health condition subject to the sub -limit(s) shown in the summary of benefits under Part 7(b) 
for the plan you selected.  
Exclusions  
We will not pay for:  
1) Any expenses incurred for servi ces provided by another party for which You are not liable to pay, or 
any expenses already included in the cost of a scheduled Trip, including but not limited to the 
unutilized portion of the return air ticket for the scheduled Trip; and/or  
2) Any expense s incurred for the transportation of Your remains not approved and arranged by ERGO 
Assistance , or its authorized representative of;  
3) Any expenses for a service not approved and arranged by ERGO Assistance , or its authorized 
representative, unless We ag ree and decide that such expenses were necessarily incurred and 
ERGO Assistance could not be contacted during the emergency for reasons beyond Your, Your 
Relatives or Your Travel Companions control. In any event, We reserve the right to reimburse You 
only for those expenses incurred for services which ERGO Assistance would have provided under 
the same circumstances and up to the limit specified in the Selected Plan under Part 7.  
4) Any expenses incurred for body retrieval or recovery.  
 
Part 8 - Emergency dental treatment - accident (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
We will cover up to the limit in the Selected Plan under Part 8, the reasonable cost of dental treatment 
where such treatment is necessary to restore sound and natural teeth caused by an Accident 
necessarily incurred by you. Any damage to dentures, dental prostheses, bridges, crowns and treatment 
involving the use of precious metals or for cosmetic dentistry is excluded.  
Important:  
If you are entitled to receive payment of all or part of the dent al expenses from any other source, we 
will pay the difference between what was actually incurred and paid by you and the amount you are 
entitled to receive from such other source.  
 
Part 9 - Compassionate visit - Flying a loved one to your side if you are hospitalised (not 
applicable to Basic Plan)  
In the event of Your death due to an Accident or Sickness whilst Overseas and no adult member of 
Your family was present at Your death, We will pay, up to the limit in the Selected Plan under Part 9, 
 
20 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
the reasona ble travel (economy class airfare, rail or sea transport fare) and hotel accommodation 
expenses incurred by one Relative or Friend to assist in the final arrangements at Your destination.  
 
Part 10 - Hospital visitation (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
(A) In the event You are under Hospital Confinement during a Trip for more than 5 consecutive days 
due to an Injury or Sickness experienced whilst Overseas and it is not found medically appropri ate 
to move You to another location or to move You back to Singapore for medical treatment, and no 
adult member of Your family is with You, We will pay, up to the limit specified in the Selected Plan 
under Part 10, the following:  
(a) Reasonable travel exp ense (economy class airfare, rail or sea transport fare) necessarily 
incurred by one Relative or friend departing from Singapore to the place where you are under 
Hospital Confinement; and  
(b) Reasonable hotel accommodation expenses, necessarily incurred b y the Relative or friend to 
visit and stay with You for the duration of Your Hospital Confinement.  
(B) In the event You are under Hospital Confinement during a Trip for more than 5 consecutive days 
due to an Injury or Sickness experienced whilst Overseas and it is not found medically appropriate 
to move You to another location or to relocate You back to Singapore for medical treatment, and an 
adult member of Your family is with you on the Trip, We will pay, up to the limit specified in the 
Selected Plan un der Part 10, the following:  
(a) Resulting administrative charges for postponement of return travel to Singapore; and  
(b) Reasonable hotel accommodation expenses necessarily incurred by the adult member of 
Your family to stay with You for the duration of Your Hospital Confinement. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the accommodation expense will only be covered from the 6th day of Your Hospital 
Confinement.  
No coverage will be provided under Part 10 (B) if Your family member becomes entitled to a refund of 
all or part of such expenses from another source, including under any other existing insurance policy or 
under Part 20 of this Policy.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for a claim either under Part 9 or Part 10, but not both.  
 
Part 11 - Child transfer - Flying your child home if you are hospitalised or dead  
In the event You are under Hospital Confinement whilst Overseas and there is no adult to accompany 
the Child/Children who is/are below 18 years age and who has/ have travelled Overseas along with 
You, We wil l pay, up to the limit in the Selected Plan under Part 11, the reasonable travel (economy 
class airfare, rail or sea transport fare) and hotel accommodation expenses for a Relative or friend to 
accompany the Child/Children back to Singapore.  
 
Part 12 - Emergency telephone and internet expenses  
We will reimburse you up to the limit in the Selected Plan under Part 12, the actual telephone charges 
incurred for the use of your or a third party’s personal mobile phone, a phone using a standard land 
line; or an y internet use used for the sole purpose of engaging the services of ERGO Assistance , 
during a medical or travel emergency. We will verify the call requirement and costs with ERGO 
Assistance before we pay. If you were required to purchase a pre -paid card f or this purpose then we 
will pay you the cost of the card but only up to the amount which is reasonable, necessary and 
appropriate for the intended use.  
 
Part 13 - Automatic extension of period of insurance  
The Policy period will automatically extend for  up to 30 days from the date of expiry of the Policy without 
payment of any additional premium if at the time of the expiry of the Policy You are under Hospital 
Confinement and/or quarantined whilst Overseas as advised by a Medical Practitioner.  
 
 
 
 
21 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Part 1 4 - Accidental death & permanent disablement  
We will pay the compensation for accidental death or permanent disablement up to the limit in the 
Selected Plan under Part 14, specified in the table below if you experience Injury which results in death 
and/or Permanent Disablement within twelve (12) calendar months after the date of the Accident, We 
will pay up to the relevant Benefit amount specified subject to the terms and conditions of this Policy.  
 
 Maximum Benefits (S$)  
Basic  Essential  Standard  Deluxe  
Insured Person (under 70 years)  50,000  200,000  300,000  400,000  
Insured Person (above 70 years)  25,000  50,000  100,000  100,000  
Insured Child in a Family Plan  10,000  50,000  50,000  50,000  
 
Schedule of compensation  Percentage of Principal Sum 
Insured  
Accidental Death  100%  
Permanent Total Disablement  100%  
Permanent Disablement resulting in loss of one or more limbs  100%  
Total loss of sight of one or both eyes  100%  
Total loss of hearing and speech  100%  
Loss of hearing in both ears  75% 
Loss of hearing in one ear  15% 
Loss of speech  50% 
For the purpose of this part, cover commences the later of either 3 hours before your scheduled 
departure from Singapore or the time You leave Your permanent place of residence or office for a direct 
journey to the place of embarkation in Singapore and to the intended destination(s) Overseas and 
ceases on whichever of the following occurs first:  
a) The expiry of the period of insurance specified in the Policy;  
b) Your return to Your permanent place of residence; or  
c) Within 3 hours of the time of arrival in Singapore.  
Exclusions  
We will not compensate for any event as set out in the Schedule of Compensation under listed events 
above that arise from or are caused by any sickness or infectious disease.  
 
Part 15 - Common carrier double cover (not ap plicable to Basic Plan)  
In the event an Accident occurs whilst You  are Overseas and You are travelling as a fare paying 
passenger on a Common Carrier resulting in Your death, We will pay compensation up to the limit in 
the Selected Plan under Part 15, specified in the table below.  
 
 Maximum Benefits (S$)  
Basic  Essential  Standard  Deluxe  
Insured Person (under 70 years)  NA NA 600,000  800,000  
Insured Person (above 70 years)  NA NA 200,000  200,000  
Insured Child in a Family Plan  NA NA 100,000  100,000  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim either under Part 14 or Part 15, but not both.  
 
 
 
 
22 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Part 16 - Child education protection (not applicable to Basic and Essential Plans)  
If You suffer Accidental death whilst Overseas, which is claimable under either Part 14 or 15 and on the 
date of the Accident You have a Child or Children, We will pay each  of your school -going biological 
Child or legally adopted Child aged above six (6) years and below eighteen (18) years or up to twenty -
three (23) years of age if studying full time in a recognised institution of higher learning, compensation 
up to the limi t specified in the Selected Plan under Part 16.  
The maximum number of Children We will compensate under this Part 16 is 4 Children. This benefit is 
only payable once for any Child even if the Child is covered by more than one travel insurance policy 
under written by Us for the same Trip. The benefits under this Part do not apply to a Child Insured 
Person.  
 
Part 17 - Trip cancellation (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
I) We will pay for the unused travel fare, accommodation charges and deposits that you have paid or 
payments which you are legally obliged to pay and which are not recoverable from any other source up 
to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 17, if the Journey is unexpectedly and unavoidably 
cancelled due to any of the following re asons occurring within sixty (60) days (except item c)prior to the 
commencement of the Journey except item b below but after the date of arranging this insurance and 
the Journey:  
a) Major Travel Event that prevents You from travelling to Your main destina tion(s) as outlined in Your 
Trip itinerary;  
b) Death or Serious Injury or Serious Sickness or compulsory quarantine of You or Your Relative or 
Travel Companion;  
c) Serious damage to Your permanent place of residence in Singapore arising from Natural Disa sters 
occurring after the issue date of the Policy and within 1 week before the date of departure and which 
requires You to be present at the permanent place of residence on the date of departure; or  
d) You or your Travel Companion are being called as a w itness in the Court of Law in Singapore;  
II) Alternatively, if the Trip is cancelled due to an unexpected death of a Relative or Travel Companion 
occurring before the date of departure of the Trip and as a result, You are unable to travel, We will pay 
any replacement administrative expenses incurred in respect of the change of traveller made before 
the commencement of the Trip subject to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 17. Such 
replacement administrative expenses are paid by Us as an a lternative to I) above and there will be no 
further payment by Us for any travel losses or accommodation expenses.  
Exclusions  
In respect of I) and II) above, We will not pay for any loss or expenses:  
1) Caused directly or indirectly by government regula tions or control;  
2) Caused by cancellation by the Common Carrier or any other provider of the travel and/or 
accommodation;  
3) That  is covered by any other existing insurance scheme or government program;  
4) Which will be paid or refunded by a hotel, airline, travel agent or any other provider of travel and/or 
accommodation;  
5) Should this insurance be purchased less than 3 days bef ore the date of departure (date of departure 
inclusive) (with the exception of Your death or the death of Your Relative or Travel Companion 
caused by an Accident);  
6) that results from a Major Travel Event which was publicly known at the time You booked Y our Trip 
or purchased this insurance, whichever occurs last; and/or  
In a Per Trip Policy, once an Insured Person under the Individual Plan or a Family Plan cancels the Trip 
and a claim is made for Travel Cancellation under Part 17, the Policy immediately terminates upon such 
cancellation of the Trip. For the avoidance of doubt, the Policy continues to have force and effect with 
regards to other Insured Persons in a Family Plan who continue with the Trip.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim under any one of Parts 17, 18 or 19 for the same event but 
not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
 
23 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Part 18 - Trip postponement (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
We will pay for the reasonable administrative charges (by the travel agent, tour operator, transport 
operator or accommodation provider) which You are legally obliged to pay and which are not 
recoverable from any other source, up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 18, to 
reschedule the Journey if the Journey is unexpectedly and unavoidabl y postponed due to any of the 
following reasons occurring within sixty (60) days (except items (b) and (c) prior to the commencement 
of the Journey but after the date of arranging this insurance and Journey:  
a) Major Travel Event that prevents You from tra velling to Your main destination(s) as scheduled 
and outlined in Your Trip itinerary;  
b) Death or Serious Injury or Serious Sickness or compulsory quarantine of You or Your Relative or 
Travel Companion;  
c) Serious damage to Your permanent place of residence in Singapore arising from Natural Disasters 
occurring after the issue date of the Policy and within 1 week before the date of departure and which 
requires You to be present at the permanent place of re sidence on the date of departure; or  
d) You or your Travel Companion are being called as a witness in the Court of Law in Singapore;  
We will not pay for any loss or charges:  
1) Caused directly or indirectly by government regulations or control;  
2) Caus ed by cancellation by the Common Carrier or any other provider of the travel and/or 
accommodation;  
3) That is covered by any other existing insurance scheme or government program;  
4) Which will be paid or refunded by a hotel, airline, travel agent or any  other provider of travel and/or 
accommodation;  
5) Should this insurance be purchased less than 3 days before the date of departure (date of 
departure inclusive) (with the exception of Your death or the death of Your Relative or Travel 
Companion caused by  an Accident);  
6) That results from a Major Travel Event which was publicly known at the time You booked Your 
Trip or purchased this insurance, whichever occurs last; and/or  
In a Per Trip Policy, once an Insured Person under the Individual Plan or a Family Plan postpone s the 
Trip and a claim is made for Travel Postponement under Part 18, the Policy immediately terminates 
upon such postponement of the Trip. For the avoidance of doubt, the Policy continues to have force 
and effect with regards to other Insured Persons in a  Family Plan who continue with the Trip as 
scheduled.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim under any one of Parts 16, 17 or 18 for the same event but 
not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 19 - Trip cancellation due to insolvency  
We will pay for the loss of irrecoverable travel fares or travel deposits paid in advance, for Journey 
being cancelled prior to the commencement of the Journey due to bankruptcy or Insolvency of a Travel 
Agent from which You purchased the Trip up to the limits specifi ed in the Selected Plan under Part 19. 
Provided that this occurs prior to the commencement of the Journey but after the date of arranging this 
insurance and Journey and such travel fares or deposits are not recoverable from any other source.  
Exclusions  
We will not pay for any loss:  
1) Caused directly or indirectly by government regulations or control;  
2) Caused by cancellation by the Common Carrier or any other provider of the travel and/or 
accommodation;  
3) that is covered by any other existing insura nce scheme or government program;  
4) Which will be paid or refunded by a hotel, airline, travel agent or any other provider of travel and/or 
accommodation;  
5) Where Insolvency occurred, or for which a petition for bankruptcy or similar petition was filed  
before the purchase of this insurance; and/or  
 
24 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
6) Should this insurance be purchased within 3 days before the date of departure excluding the date 
of departure.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim under any one of Parts 17, 18 or 19 for the same  event but 
not for more than one of the Parts.  
Part 20 - Trip curtailment (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
We will reimburse You up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 20 for:  
(a) Any pre -paid and unutilized travel fare and/or accommod ation costs that are non -refundable. The 
reimbursement will be pro -rated for each complete day of the unused Trip; or  
(b) Any additional accommodation (but excluding cost of meals, room service) and direct economy 
fare for air, rail or sea travel that are  necessarily incurred to extend Your stay at the same or 
alternative location. The accommodation provided shall be similar or equivalent to the room type 
that You have originally stayed in.  
if the Trip is unexpectedly and unavoidably curtailed or abandone d after its commencement due to 
any of the following reasons occurring during the Trip:  
1. Death, Serious Injury or Serious Illness occurring to You, a Family Member or Travel 
Companion; provided that a written confirmation of the nature of such Serious I njury or Serious 
Illness is received from a Medical Practitioner;  
2. Compulsory quarantine of You or Your Travel Companion ordered by a government or local 
authority;  
3. You or Your Travel Companion being called as a witness in the Court of Law in Singap ore;  
4. Your Home or place of business in Singapore becoming uninhabitable or being seriously 
damaged following burglary, fire, flood, typhoon, earthquake or landslip which requires Your 
presence in Singapore;  
5. Natural Disasters occurring at the planned destination which prevent You from continuing with 
the scheduled Journey.  
‘Curtail/Curtailment’ shall mean abandonment of the Trip as shown on the booking invoice and/or 
shortening of the Trip and returning to  Singapore.  
 
Part 21 - Loss of personal baggage  
We will pay up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 21 for accidental physical loss of 
or damage, occurring during the Journey, to personal baggage including clothing and personal effects 
worn or carried on the Insured Person, trunks, su itcase and the like receptacles and one unit of Laptop 
Computer, taken or owned by You where such loss or damage is due to circumstances beyond Your 
control at the planned destination including Natural Disasters.  
In the event any of Your article of person al baggage is proven to be beyond economical repair, a claim 
under this Policy will be treated as if the article had been lost.  
We will not be liable for more than $500 ($250 under Basic Plan), in respect of any one article or pair 
or set of articles. The  limit of liability for a Laptop Computer is $1,000 and only for one Laptop Computer 
for every policy period. A pair or set of items is treated as one item (e.g. a pair of shoes, a camera and 
its accompanying lens and any accessories even if purchased sepa rately and are of different brands, a 
set of diving gear and any accessories even if purchased separately and are of different brands).  
We may, at Our sole discretion and option, make payment or reinstate or repair the damaged personal 
baggage.  
All claim  settlements will be subject to due allowance for wear and tear and depreciation. Depreciation 
may not be applied to electronic items that are purchased less than 1 year from the date of the incident 
if You can produce supporting documents (i.e. original r eceipts or original warranty cards) for claims. 
The loss must be reported to the police or relevant authority such as hotel and airline management or 
other service provider having jurisdiction at the place of the loss within 24 hours of the incident. Any 
claim must be accompanied by written documentation from such authorities. You must take every 
possible step and reasonable precaution to ensure: -  
i) That Your baggage or personal effects are not left unattended in a Public Place; and  
ii) The safety of all  personal property and baggage.  
 
25 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Claims that result from You losing Your baggage or it being damaged while being held by an airline or 
service provider should be made to the airline or service provider first. Any payment under this Policy 
shall be made upo n proof of compensation received from the airline or service provider or where such 
compensation is denied, proof of such denial.  
In case of Jewellery, All Jewellery must be owned by You and not hired by, loaned or entrusted to You. 
The robbery, burglary or theft must be reported to the police or relevant authority where the incident 
occurred within 24 hours of the incident. Any claim must be accompanied by written documentation 
from the police or such other authorities. Loss of jewellery is covered only w hilst being worn or in a 
locked safe/ deposit box.  
Exclusions  
We will not be liable for:  
1) The following classes of property which are excluded from coverage: animals, motor vehicles 
(including accessories), motorcycles, boats, motors, any other convey ances, snow skis, boards or 
toboggans, fruits, perishables and consumables, household effects, antiques, artefacts, paintings, 
objects of art, computers (including handheld computers, software and accessories with the 
exception of Laptop Computers as provi ded herein above), manuscripts, , gem stones, watches, 
contact or corneal lenses, securities, musical instruments, bridges for tooth or teeth, dentures;  
2) Loss or damage caused by wear and tear, gradual deterioration, moths, vermin, inherent vice or 
dama ge sustained due to any process or while actually being worked upon resulting in such loss or 
damage;  
3) Loss or damage to hired or leased equipment and loss of or damage to property resulting directly or 
indirectly from insurrection, rebellion, revolutio n, civil war, usurped power, or action taken by 
governmental authorities in hindering, combating or defending against such an occurrence, seizure 
or destruction under quarantine or customs regulations, confiscation by order of any government or 
public auth ority or risk of contraband or illegal transportation or trade;  
4) Loss or damage to property insured under any other insurance policy, or reimbursed by any other 
carrier, hotel or any other party;  
5) Loss or damage to Your baggage sent in advance, maile d or shipped separately.  
6) Loss or damage to Your baggage left unattended in any Public Place;  
7) Loss or damage resulting from Your  failure to take due care and precaution for the safeguard and 
security of such property;  
8) Loss of or damage resulting from Your wilful act, omission, negligence or carelessness;  
9) Loss of or damage arising from confiscation or retention by customs or  other officials.  
10) Loss or damage of business goods or samples or equipment of any kind;  
11) Loss of or damage to data recorded on tapes, cards, discs or otherwise;  
12) Loss of or damage to cash or cash equivalents, bank notes, casino chips, vouchers , cash card, EZ -
Link Card, bonds, coupons, stamps, negotiable instruments, title deeds, manuscripts, securities of 
any kind, loss of credit cards or replacement of credit cards, Identity Cards (IC) and driving licenses, 
travel documents except as provided for in Part 23;  
13) Loss of damage or derangement or breakage of fragile or brittle articles; and/or  
14) Loss or damage resulting from mysterious disappearance of such property;  
15) Property left unattended in any vehicle.  
N.B. This Policy will only pa y for any claim under any one of the Parts 21, 22 or 31(i) for the same event 
but not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 22 - Baggage delay  
If the checked -in baggage accompanying You  has been delayed, misdirected or temporarily misplaced 
by the carrier, We will pay $200 for every full 6 consecutive hours of delay after Your arrival at the 
baggage pick -up point in the scheduled destination Overseas up to the limits specified in the Sel ected 
Plan under Part 22 during the Policy period. If such luggage is delayed, misdirected or temporarily 
misplaced by the carrier after Your arrival at the baggage pick -up point in Singapore, We will only pay 
a maximum sum of $200 provided a minimum perio d of 6 hours of delay has lapsed. For the avoidance 
 
26 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
of doubt, the amount of $200 stated under this part is based on each claim and not on each piece of 
baggage. A Property Irregularity Report (PIR) or equivalent report issued by the Common Carrier is 
requi red indicating the date and time of loss and the date and time the baggage was delivered to you.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim under any one of the Parts 21, 22 or 31(i) for the same event 
but not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 23 - Loss of passport, travel documents and money  
We will pay up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 23 for the cost of obtaining 
replacement passports, travel tickets, visa or entry permit and other relevant travel documents including 
cost of replacing or restoring business records or samples as a result of accidental loss or damage 
during the Journey. We will also pay the reasonable and additional travel and accommodation expenses 
which are necessarily incurred to replace lost travel docu ments and business records or samples, such 
loss arising out of robbery, burglary or theft while you are outside Singapore during the Journey. The 
loss must be reported to the Police having jurisdiction at the place of the loss no more than 24 hours 
after the incident. Any claim must be accompanied by written documentation from the Police.  
Where replacement passports which have been lost whilst Overseas are to be obtained upon Your 
return to Singapore, We will pay You, up to the limits specified in the Sel ected Plan under Part 23, only 
for the cost of obtaining such passports excluding any transport or other incidental costs incurred in 
Singapore.  
If as a result of robbery, burglary, theft or Natural Disasters You experience a loss of cash, travellers’ 
cheques or banknotes which were on your person, or properly secured in a locked safe or strong room 
or under your active supervision when the event occurs during a Trip, We will pay for the actual loss up 
to $300, provided that such loss is reported to the po lice or relevant authority having jurisdiction at the 
place of the loss no later than 24 hours after the incident. Any claim must be accompanied by written 
documentation from the police or such other authorities.  
Exclusions  
We will not pay for any shorta ge due to exchange rate or depreciation in value and for loss of travellers’ 
cheques not immediately reported to the local branch or agent of the issuing authority.  
 
Part 24 - Flight diversion  
In the event that whilst traveling on a scheduled flight, Your flight is diverted due to:  
1. A Major Travel Event adverse weather conditions;  
2. Natural Disasters;  
3. Emergency medical treatment for a fellow passenger;  
4. Actual or suspected mechanical  breakdown/derangement or structural defect of the air 
conveyance You are traveling in  
Which prevents You from continuing Your Trip as scheduled and You are delayed from arriving at 
Your planned destination by at least 6 consecutive hours, We will pay $10 0 for every full six (6) 
consecutive hours of delay up to a maximum of $1,000 (limited to $500 for Basic Plan) during the 
Policy period specified in the Selected Plan under Part 24 as stated in the table below:  
We will not pay for any Flight Diversion tha t results from a Major Travel Event or adverse weather 
condition which was publicly known at the time You booked Your Trip or purchased this insurance, 
whichever occurs last.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim under any one of the Parts 24 or 26  for the same event but 
not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 25 - Flight overbooking (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
If You are denied boarding the scheduled flight of which You have a confirmed reservation due to 
overbooking of the flight, and no al ternative transportation is made available to You within six (6) hours 
of the scheduled departure, We will compensate You up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan 
under Part 25. Details of the overbooking must be verified in writing by the operator of the Public 
Transport. This benefit is payable only once for each Trip out of Singapore.  
 
27 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Exclusions  
We will not be liable for:  
1) Any claim arising from voluntary action of the Insured that leads directly or indirectly to the denied 
boarding.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim under any one of the Part 25 or 27 for the same event but 
not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 26 - Trip delay  
In the event of the departure of the Public Transport or any land, water or air conveyance operating  
under a valid license in the country that You are in which is chartered or arranged as part of a tour (but 
always excluding taxis and/or private cars), in which You are booked to travel on being delayed from 
the time specified by the carrier due to:  
1. Strike or other industrial action;  
2. Riot;  
3. Civil commotion not assuming the proportions of or amounting to an uprising, military or usurped 
power;  
4. Adverse weather conditions;  
5. Natural Disasters;  
6. Actual or suspected mechanical breakdown/derangement or structural defect of the Common Carrier, 
or any land, water or air conveyance operating under a valid license in the country that You are in 
which is chartered or arranged as part of a tour (but al ways excluding taxis and/or private cars).  
     We will pay $100 each Insured Person for every full six (6) hours of delay up to the limits specified 
in the Selected Plan under Part 26. Where the delay occurred in Singapore, We will only pay a 
maximum sum  of $100 provided a minimum period of 6 hours of delay has lapsed.  
     To qualify for this benefit, the Insured Person must have checked -in in accordance with the original 
itinerary and obtain written confirmation from the carrier or their handling agent s stating the reason 
and length of delay.  
Exclusions  
We will not pay for any delay:  
1) arising from Your failure to check in as according to the itinerary supplied to You, or if You fail to 
obtain written confirmation from the carriers or their handling  agents of the number of hours delayed 
and the reason for such delay; and/or  
2) that results from a Major Travel Event, Civil Unrest, Riot or Commotion, Strike or adverse weather 
conditions, actual or suspected mechanical breakdown/ derangement or structu ral defect of the 
Common Carrier which was publicly known at the time You booked Your Trip or purchased this 
insurance, whichever occurs last.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim under any one of the Parts 24 or 26 for the same event but 
not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 27 - Trip misconnection (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
If You are denied boarding the connecting Public Transport which You have a confirmed reservation 
due to the late arrival of Your incoming confirmed connecting sched uled Common Carrier, or any land, 
water or air conveyance operating under a valid license in the country that You are in which is chartered 
or arranged as part of a tour (but always excluding taxis and/or private cars), and no alternative 
transportation is  made available to You within six (6) hours of the actual arrival time of the incoming 
Public Transport, We will compensate You up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 27. 
This benefit is payable only once for each Trip out of Singapore.  We will not pay under this Part if Your 
in-coming Common Carrier, or land, water or air conveyance operating under a valid license in the 
country that You are in which is chartered or arranged as part of a tour (but always excluding taxis 
and/or private c ars) was scheduled to arrive after the stated check -in time required by the connecting 
Common Carrier.  
 
28 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Details of the travel misconnection must be verified in writing by the operator of the Public Transport.  
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim u nder any one of the Parts 25 or 27 for the same event but 
not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 28 - Credit card indemnity  
If You suffer financial loss as a direct result of the fraudulent use by a third party of Your lost or stolen 
credit, charge or  bank card whilst Overseas, We will indemnify You up to the limits specified in the 
Selected Plan under Part 28 for the loss provided that:  
a) Such unauthorized charges were made Overseas with Your lost or stolen card in which case We will 
reimburse the u nauthorized charges incurred 12 hours prior to Your first reporting the event to Your 
Payment Card issuer(s);  
or  
b) Your card was not Stolen, but such unauthorized charges were made through any Overseas ATM 
withdrawal, in -store or online purchases with Y our Payment Card information in which case We will 
reimburse the unauthorized charges incurred prior to Your first reporting the event to Your card 
issuer(s), or Us, or, Your card issuer(s) notifying You about the event (whichever occurs first).  
Any reimb ursement by Us under this Part is subject to the following conditions:  
1) We will only pay for such unauthorized charges which You  are made liable for, under the terms and 
conditions of Your card;  
2) You must report the theft of Your Payment Card to the issuer(s) and to Us within 12 hours of 
discovering that Your card was Stolen or any unauthorized charges were made from it;  
3) You must complete and return any documents including but not limited to claims forms, police reports, 
demands, notices and any other relevant documents You may be asked to provide;  
4) You must comply with all the terms and conditions by which Your card  was issued;  
5) Your card must be valid and in good standing for coverage to apply.  
Exclusions  
We will not pay for:  
1) Losses that have occurred prior to the inception of cover or, after the termination of the Policy;  
2) Losses that result from the di rect actions of a Relative or Travel Companion or actions that a Relative 
or Travel Companion knew of or planned; and  
3) Cash advances made with Your Stolen Payment Card;  
4) Losses that You have intentionally or deliberately caused;  
5) Charges made by a  resident of Your household, Your Relative or Travel Companion or by a person 
entrusted with Your Payment Card;  
6) Losses that result from any business pursuits or, relating to Your work or profession;  
7) Losses due to the order of any government, public  authority or customs officials;  
8) Losses caused by any illegal acts on Your part.  
 
Part 29 - Personal liability overseas  
We will indemnify You, up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 29 If You are legally 
liable to a third party as a direct result of:  
(a) Causing Injury or Accidental death to the third party whilst Overseas; or  
(b) Causing Accidental physical damage to the third party’s property whilst Overseas.  
Exclusions  
No benefits will be provided for:  
1. Property belonging to a member of Your family or employer or deemed by law to be your 
employee;  
2. Liability to any person who is a member of Your family or employer or deemed by law to be your 
employee;  
 
29 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
3. Property belonging to You or in your care, c ustody or control;  
4. Any liability assumed under contract;  
5. Liability arising directly or indirectly from, in respect of, or due to Your wilful, malicious or unlawful 
acts;  
6. Liability arising directly or indirectly from, in respect of, or due to th e ownership, possession or 
use of vehicles, aircraft, watercraft, firearms or animals; model aircraft/drone.  
7. Liability arising directly or indirectly from, in respect of, or due to ownership or occupation of land 
or buildings (other than occupation onl y of any temporary residence);  
8. Liability arising directly or indirectly from, in respect of, or due to the undertaking or pursuit of any 
trade, business or profession;  
9. Liability arising directly or indirectly from, in respect of, or due to any crim inal acts;  
10. Legal costs resulting from any criminal proceedings;  
11. Your participation in any motor rallies, or car, motorcycle, boat or aerial racing;  
12. Punitive, aggravated or exemplary damages;  
13. any claims arising from pollution or contamination or any other claim that occurs over a period 
that is not identified as occurring at a given point in time.  
As a condition precedent to Our liability, You must not make any offer or promise of payment or admit 
any liability or fault to any other party, or become involved in any litigation without our written approval.  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Clause IX of Section 6 Claims Provisions You must notify Us as soon 
as possible and at the latest with in 7 days of receiving any claim, demand or notice that may lead to a 
claim under this benefit.  
 
Part 30 - Kidnap & hostage (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
If You are Kidnapped and held Hostage whilst Overseas, We will pay You $250 for each full day, up t o 
the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 30 provided that:  
(a) The Kidnap and Hostage event is not carried out by Your spouse, Your business partner or agent, 
Your employer or employee, Your Travel Companion or a person related to You by blo od, marriage 
or adoption;  
(b) Such incident did not occur in Your country of residence, a country located in Central or South 
America, Africa or any country in which United Nation security forces are present and active;  
(c) We will not pay any benefit in  this part for loss or damage due to actual loss of or damage to 
property of any description, including intellectual property as a result of the Kidnap and Hostage.  
As a condition precedent to Our liability, We must:  
1) be confirmed that the event is rep orted to the police and relevant authorities at the place within 
24 hours after You were able to contact someone and We must be satisfied with the contents of the 
Police Report before being liable to pay the benefit under this part;  
2) Have sufficient pro of that the event has actually occurred;  
3) Be given immediate oral and written notice.  
 
Part 31 - Sports equipment protector (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
We will pay You up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 31 for loss or damage to the 
sports equipment (golf clubs, diving gear, skis (boards and poles), snowboards, wakeboards, bicycling 
and fishing tackle equipment) sustained during the  Trip belonging to, on loan or entrusted to you due 
to accident or theft during the Journey overseas but excluding any loss or damage sustained during the 
course of play or practice.  
If as a result of any damage, the sports equipment is proven to be beyon d economical repair, We will 
treat a claim under this Policy as if the article had been lost.  
(i) Single article limits : We will not be liable for more than the limit applicable for the Selected Plan, 
in respect of any one article or pair or set of articl es. We may, at Our sole discretion and option, 
make payment or reinstate or repair the sports equipment.  
 
30 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
All claim settlements will be subject to due allowance for wear and tear and depreciation. The loss 
must be reported to the police or relevant authori ty such as hotel and airline management or other 
service provider having jurisdiction at the place of the loss within 24 hours of the incident. Any claim 
must be accompanied by written documentation from such authorities.  
You must take every possible step  to ensure that Your sports equipment is not left unattended in a 
Public Place and is safe at all times.  
Claims that result from You losing Your sports equipment or it being damaged while being held 
by an airline or service provider should be made to the airline or service provider first. Any 
payment under this Policy shall be made upon proof of compensation received from the airline 
or service provider or where such compensation is denied, proof of such denial.  
(ii) Golf Hole in One: If You achieve a hole -in-one in an organized 18 -hole golf event whilst Overseas, 
We will pay up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 31 (ii) for one round of drinks 
to celebrate Your win.  
     You must provide written verification of Your hole -in-one achiev ement from the golf club that 
organises the golf event and submit the receipts for the celebratory drinks.  
(iii) Green fees loss: In addition, We will also pay up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under 
Part 31 (iii) for pre -booked green fees, hire fees of Golfing Equipment or tuition fees for golf coaching 
which are not refundable if You suffer Injury or Sickness and are unable to play on the scheduled 
booked dates due to Injury or Illness sustained after such booking and payment has been made.   
We will also pay, up to the limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 31 (iii) for the cost of for pre -
booked green fees, hire fees of Golfing Equipment or tuition fees for golf coaching which are not 
refundable and which have been paid in advance b y You and the documents evidencing payment 
thereof by You have been stolen or robbed or burgled during the Trip resulting in You not being able to 
use the golf course, Golfing Equipment and tuition services during the Trip.  
Exclusions  
In respect of i), i i) and iii) above and In addition to the General Exclusions, We will also not pay any 
claims in respect of:  
1. Loss or damage sustained during the course of play or practice;  
2. Loss or damage arising from confiscation or retention by customs or other of ficials;  
3. Articles left unattended in a Public Place, including in any vehicle or locked luggage;  
4. Loss of or damage due to wear and tear or damage due to any process of repair or while being 
worked upon resulting there from;  
5. Articles that are se nt in advance, mailed or shipped separately;  
6. Normal wear and tear to Your sports equipment (including scratches, discoloration, stains, tears or 
dents to the surface of the item which does not affect how it works). the surface of the item which 
does no t affect how it works).  
 
Part 32 - Home protection (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
If You suffer physical loss of or damage to Household Contents or Valuables within Your residence in 
Singapore due solely to fire or Theft whilst You are Overseas and which occurred only after You have 
actually departed from Singapore for the Trip, We will  reimburse You up to the limits specified in the 
Selected Plan under Part 32 to replace or repair the lost or damaged articles, and subject to wear and 
tear and depreciation.  
‘Household Contents’ shall mean household furniture and furnishings, clothing an d personal effects 
belonging to You or Your Family Member(s) who are permanently residing with You.  
What we will not cover under this Part: In addition to the General Exclusions, We will also not pay any 
claims in respect of:  
1) Normal wear and tear (inc luding scratches, discoloration, stains, tears or dents to the surface of the 
item which does not affect how it works);  
2) Money, including any kind of securities (e.g. cheques, bonds);  
3) Any loss or damage occasioned through Your wilful act or omission  or with Your connivance;  
 
31 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
4) Loss (whether temporary or permanent) of the insured property or any part thereof by reason of 
confiscation, requisition, detention or legal or illegal occupation of such property or of any premises, 
vehicle or thing containin g the same by any government authority;  
5) Any loss or damage where the fire was caused by an electrical or mechanical breakdown (including 
electrical short -circuit);  
6) Consequential loss or damage of any kind;  
7) Business or professional use in respec t of photographic and sports equipment and accessories and 
musical instruments;  
8) Motor vehicles, boats, livestock, bicycles and any equipment or accessories relating thereto; and  
9) Loss or damage insured under any other insurance policy, or reimbursed  by any other party.  
 
Part 33 - Rental vehicle excess & return (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
I) If You become liable for any excess (or deductible) arising from loss or Accidental damage to the 
Rental Vehicle whilst Overseas, We will reimburse You up to  the limits specified in the Selected Plan 
under Part 33, provided that:  
(a) You are a named driver or co -driver of the Rental Vehicle;  
(b) You hold a valid license to drive the Rental Vehicle; and  
(c) You take up a comprehensive motor insurance against  loss of or damage to the Rental Vehicle 
during the rental period as part of the car rental agreement.  
‘Rental Vehicle’ shall mean any motor -driven four -wheeled passenger vehicle that You hire from a 
licensed car rental company for the purpose of private use and is in Your care and custody.  
Exclusions  
In addition to the General Exclusions, We will also not pay any claims in respect of:  
a) Violation of any terms of the hiring agreement, the insurance of the Rental Vehicle or driving 
regulations of the Co untry; and/or  
b) Loss or damage arising from wear and tear, gradual deterioration, damage from insects or vermin, 
inherent vice, latent defect or damage;  
c) Loss or damage from driving on any unsealed surface;  
d) Any loss or damage to the following brands of motor vehicle: Ferrari, Bentley, Maybach, Rolls 
Royce, Aston Martin, Porsche, Lamborghini, Jensen, Lotus, McLaren, Maserati, Jaguar, Bugatti, 
Spyker;  
e) Loss or damage to any camper van, recreational vehicl e (RV), mobile homes, trailers, or any other 
vehicle more than 10 years old.  
II) If during a Journey outside Singapore You rent or hire a car, from a licensed rental agency and are 
unable to return the rental vehicle due to Your Injury or Illness, We will  pay the reasonable costs for 
returning the rental vehicle to the nearest hire depot. We will only meet these costs where you are liable 
for them under the rental agreement. The benefits under this Part do not apply to a Child Insured 
Person.  
N.B. This Po licy will only pay for any claim under any one of the Parts 33 (I) or 33 (II) for the same event 
but not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 34 - Hijack distress allowance (not applicable to Basic Plan)  
If You are forcibly detained when the Public Tran sport in which You are travelling in whilst Overseas is 
being Hijacked, We will pay You $300 for every full six (6) consecutive hours of detention up to the 
limits specified in the Selected Plan under Part 34. The Hijacking must be reported to the police h aving 
jurisdiction at the place within 24 hours upon release from the incident and We must be satisfied with 
the contents of the Policy Report before being liable to pay the benefit under this Part.  
‘Hijacking/Hijacked’ shall mean any unlawful seizure or the exercise of control by force of a Public 
Transport. We will not make any payment in respect of hijack when the intended destination of the 
Public Transport is to, or by way of, a country in a state of war.  
 
32 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
N.B. This Policy will only pay for any claim under any one of the Parts 24, 25, 26, 27 & 34 for the same 
event but not for more than one of the Parts.  
 
Part 35 - Pet care (not applicable to Basic and Essential Plans)  
We will pay up to $50 for every full 6 consecutive hours of delay, up to the limit s specified in the Selected 
Plan under Part 35, being compensation for such sums which You become legally liable to pay for 
placing Your cat or dog in a kennel/cattery or pet hotel by reason of the Trip and You are unable to 
collect the pet on the day as a greed with the kennel/cattery or pet hotel, provided that:  
(a) The pets are owned by You;  
(b) The delay is not made known to You prior to booking the Trip;  
(c) You obtain written verification on the number of hours of delay from the operator(s) of the P ublic 
Transport and the original and actual pick -up dates from the kennel or cattery.  
Exclusions  
We will not pay for a claim under this Part if the reason for the delay was made known or was informed 
publicly prior to the purchase of this Policy.  
 
Part 36 - Adventure activity cover (not applicable to Basic Plans)  
Notwithstanding General Exclusion, S ection 4, item 8, this Policy is extended to cover the Insured 
Person in respect of death or Injury which may be sustained resulting from engaging in or practicing 
for:  
1. Bungee jumping;  
2. Sky Diving;  
3. Paragliding;  
4. Helicopter rides for sightseei ng (when provided by an operator licensed for such activities);  
5. Hot air ballooning;  
6. Jet Skiing;  
7. Mountaineering at mountains below the height of three thousand (3,000) metres above sea level;  
8. Skiing or snowboarding all within official approved areas of a ski resort;  
9. Canoeing or white water rafting with a qualified guide and up to Grade 3 (of International Scale of 
River Difficulty);  
10. Underwater activities involving artificial breathi ng apparatus for diving up to a maximum depth 
of thirty (30) metres with a qualified diving instructor and with recognised diving certification.  
Provided always that the above activities are done for leisure purposes and with a licensed operator.  
 
Part 3 7 - Terrorism cover  
We will pay You the benefits in Parts 1 to 37 for covered losses arising directly from an Act of Terrorism 
during the Trip, subject to the respective limits of the Selected Plan under each Part and the terms and 
exclusions of the Polic y.  
Exclusions  
We will not pay for any losses directly or indirectly suffered, contributed or attributed to or caused 
by from or in any connection with any act of nuclear, chemical or biological events.  
 
Part 38 - Cover while on cruise  
1) Cancellation of your cruise tour before departure  
The Sum Insured limit payable under this Part 38, 1) will be in accordance with Part  17 (Trip 
Cancellation) shown in the summary of benefits for the plan you selected.  
All claims under this Part 38, 1) will be governed in accordance with terms and conditions as set out in 
Part 17 (Trip Cancellation).  
 
33 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
2) Cruise tour interruption  
If after your trip has commenced and the covered transport in which you have arranged to tra vel to 
board the cruise is delayed for at least eight (8) consecutive hours from the arrival time specified in 
the itinerary provided to you by the covered transport provider as a direct result of:  
(i) natural disaster and extreme weather conditions;  
(ii) mechanical breakdown, equipment failure or structural defect of the covered transport;  
(iii) strike by the employees of the covered transport; or  
(iv) hijack;  
and as a consequence you are unable to board the cruise at the designated boarding port, we will 
reimburse you up to the Sum Insured limit specified in the summary of benefits under Part 17 (Trip 
Cancellation) for the plan you selected for:  
(a) the additional cost of a covered transport economy class fare incurred by you to go to the next 
scheduled destination of the cruise tour for the purpose of re -joining the cruise; and/or  
(b) the forfeited cost of the cruise tour which you have paid for and which you cannot get back from any 
other source. Such forfeiture of payments will be calculated in  proportion to the number of days of 
absence on the cruise.  
Specific exclusions applicable to Part 38, 2)  
In addition to the General Exclusions, we shall not be liable under this Part for any claim for or arising 
out of:  
1. any loss that is covered by a ny other existing insurance scheme, legislation, or which will be paid or 
refunded by a cruise, hotel, airline, travel agent or any other provider of travel and/or 
accommodation.  
2. you failing to obtain written confirmation from the covered transport on the number of hours of and 
the reason for such delay whilst on board the cruise.  
3. any  event or occurrence resulting in the relevant delay which is announced before this insurance is 
purchased.  
4. your late arrival at the airport or port (i.e. arrival at a time later than the time required for check -in or 
booking -in) except for the late ar rival due to strike by the employees of the covered transport.  
5. your failure to get on -board the first available alternative transportation offered by the administration 
of the relevant covered transport.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
Summary of Benefits  
Part Coverage Details  *Basic  Essential  Standard  Deluxe  
1 Overseas medical expenses incurred due to 
sickness or injury      
 Insured person (under 70 years)   $  25,000   $200,000   $   500,000   $1,000,000   Insured person (above 70 years)   $  10,000   $100,000   $   100,000   $   200,000   Insured child in a family plan   $    5,000   $  50,000   $   200,000   $   300,000  
2 Medical expenses incurred in Singapore post 
trip     
 Insured person (under 70 years)   $    1,000   $  10,000   $     25,000   $     50,000   Insured person (above 70 years)   $       500   $    1,000   $       3,000   $       5,000   Insured child in a family plan   $       500   $    3,000   $       8,000   $     15,000  
3 Medical expenses incurred overseas associated 
with women’s pregnancy   NA   $    2,000   $       5,000   $       8,000  
4 Treatment by physician (including Traditional 
Chinese Medical (TCM) practitioner & 
chiropractor)   $       150   $       250   $          300   $          500  
5 Hospital allowance for hospitalization during the 
trip due to injury or sickness (daily income)      
 While overseas - $200 for each continuous 24 -
hour period   NA   $  10,000   $     15,000   $     20,000  
 In Singapore - $100 for each continuous 24 -hour 
period   NA   $       500   $       1,000   $       1,500  
6 Emergency medical evacuation and medical 
repatriation   $  20,000   Unlimited   Unlimited   Unlimited  
7 Repatriation of mortal remains or funeral 
expenses overseas      
 a) Repatriation of mortal remains or funeral 
expenses overseas   $  20,000   Unlimited   Unlimited   Unlimited  
 b) Repatriation of mortal remains or funeral 
expenses overseas due to Pre-existing Medical 
Condition      
 Insured person (under 70 years)   NA   $100,000   $   100,000   $   100,000   Insured person (above 70 years)   NA   $  50,000   $     50,000   $     50,000   Insured child in a family plan   NA   $100,000   $   100,000   $   100,000  
8 Emergency dental treatment - accident   NA   $    1,000   $      1,000   $       1,000  
9 Compassionate visit - Flying a loved one to your 
side if you are hospitalised   NA   $    5,000   $      8,000   $     10,000  
10 Hospital visitation   NA   $    5,000   $      8,000   $     10,000  
11 Child transfer - Flying your child home if you are 
hospitalised or dead   $    5,000   $    5,000   $      8,000   $     10,000  
12 Emergency telephone and internet expenses   $         50   $       200   $         300   $          500  
13 Automatic extension of policy for up to 30 days   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes  
14 Accidental death & permanent disablement      
 Insured person (under 70 years)   $  50,000   $200,000   $   300,000   $   400,000   Insured person (above 70 years)   $  25,000   $  50,000   $   100,000   $   100,000   Insured child in a family plan   $  10,000   $  50,000   $     50,000   $     50,000  
15 Common carrier double cover      
 Insured person (under 70 years)   NA   NA   $   600,000   $   800,000   Insured person (above 70 years)   NA   NA   $   200,000   $   200,000   Insured child in a family plan   NA   NA   $   100,000   $   100,000  
16 Child education protection ($5,000 per Child, 
maximum 4 Children)   NA   $  10,000   $     20,000   $     20,000  
17 Trip cancellation      
 I) Trip cancelled before you leave Singapore   NA   $  10,000   $     13,000   $     15,000   II) Replacement of traveller   NA   $       500   $         500   $       1,000  
18 Trip postponement - Trip postponed before you 
leave Singapore   NA   $    1,000   $      1,000   $       2,000  
19 Trip cancellation due to insolvency   $       500   $    5,000   $      8,000   $     10,000  
20 Trip Curtailment - Trip cut short after you have 
left Singapore   NA   $  10,000   $     13,000   $     15,000  
21 Loss of baggage including laptop, computer & 
jewellery   $    1,000   $    3,000   $      5,000   $      8,000  
 Single article limit   $       250   $       500   $         500   $         500  24/7 Emergency Hotline  
+65 6238 9909  
 
35 
Version No. ETP – 007                                                                                                                         ©ERGO Insurance Pte. Ltd.  
 
 Sub-limit for laptop/computer/tablet   $    1,000   $    1,000   $      1,000   $      1,500   Sub-limit for jewellery and souvenirs   NA   $       250   $         500   $      1,000  
22 Baggage delay - $200 for every full 6 
consecutive hours of delay whilst overseas and 
$200 max whilst in Singapore   $       400   $       500   $      1,000   $      1,000  
23 Loss of passport, travel documents & money   $       500   $    1,000   $      3,000   $      5,000  
24 Flight diversion   $       500   $    1,000   $      1,000   $      1,000  
25 Flight overbooking   NA   $       200   $         300   $         500  
26 Trip delay  - $100 for every full 6 consecutive 
hours of delay whilst overseas and $100 max 
whilst in Singapore   $       100   $    1,000   $      1,000   $      1,000  
27 Trip misconnection   NA   $       200   $          200   $          500  
28 Credit card Indemnity   $       250   $       500   $       1,000   $       1,000  
29 Personal liability overseas   $100,000   $500,000   $1,000,000   $1,000,000  
30 Kidnap & hostage   NA   NA   $       5,000   $     10,000  
31 Sports equipment protector (covers golf clubs, 
diving gear, skis (boards and poles), 
snowboards, wakeboards, bicycling and fishing 
tackle equipment)   NA   $    2,000   $       2,000   $       2,000  
 (i) Single article limit   NA   $       500   $         500   $         500  
 (ii) Golf hole in one   NA   $       250   $         250   $         500   (iii) Green fees loss   NA   $       250   $         250   $         250  
32 Home protection (Get your home and family 
belongings protected from fire and theft while 
you're away.)   NA   $    1,000   $      2,500   $      5,000  
33 Rental vehicle excess & return (Get your car 
rental excess covered if you have an accident 
overseas.)   NA   $       500   $         750   $      1,000  
34 Hijack distress allowance - $300 for every full 6 
consecutive hours   NA   NA   $      5,000   $      5,000  
35 Pet care (Get $50 for every six hours that your 
return home is delayed to cover additional 
kennel costs.)   NA   NA   $         350   $         500  
36 Adventure activity cover   NA   Covered   Covered    Covered   
37 Terrorism cover   Covered   Covered   Covered   Covered  
38 Cover while on cruise   NA   Covered   Covered   Covered  
 
*Basic Plan is applicable for Trips to Malaysia, Batam Island and Bintan Island only.  
Important Note: The Summary of Benefits above describes the maximum amounts We will pay to each Insured 
Person for each Trip under the applicable plan.  
Sub-limits and cover restrictions may apply. Please refer to Policy for specific terms, conditions and e xclusions. All 
amounts indicated are in Singapore dollars.  
The maximum amount we will pay is the Sum Insured limit shown in the schedule of benefits under Section 7(a) 
for the plan  you selected. Cover under this Section is extended to include claims arisin g from an existing health 
condition subject to the sub -limit(s) shown in the schedule of benefits under Section 7(b) for the plan you selected.  
